or the loud one- thousand ton beast roaring toward you howling its horn .
mandated and "right now" would be good.
neither one of my coworkers cared when it came time to ditch mitch
well , they didn't shoot himself.
I would not care how ignorant you are in you were not pretending to know anything
Today was one of the worst days of my life.
Number, people will not get to know each other.
3 you don't have a mommas boy
6. Are you naive?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is purely nonsense.
Actually no, I hate looking for what you need.
After all, it is hard to get a job if you are not smart.
After all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
Again, give me the name of the store, or let me off.
another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith .
All I got from that was things gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready
all that you see on tv is just that.
All that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
all trump is serious problems
Allowing whole colonies of such people to arise should be punished by firing the officials
The cia funding and arming bin laden are not so good
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits.
Also, the US doesn't really have to care about international laws.
Also, why is Tepco anywhere near this?
also known as the middle east part number .
America would go the same route, but that doesn't fly here.
American citizens don't care what British think.
Amy, you are showing again.
Anaarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead .
And because the government need this land, people who live there, right?
And how do you actually throw money at these people
And I cant forgive democrats for thinking they are the better rich.
And nobody gave a care.
and some people buy that.
And start sending them home.
And telling Nato to get out.
they are not aware of it
And they really don't care about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why did the manager tell the cop that?
And you can't draw cartoons
I applied there, so my Social Security number has probably been stolen as well
Another piece of manufactured things
Anybody can borrow and spend.
Any of us who did half of this thing would be locked up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very dissuasive.
Anyone is better than this.
Anybody who votes in communism is out of touch with reality
Apologies for the multiple times I called you and other names.
Are they lying or just clueless
as a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is
As he would say that is a bad person.
As ive said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with z!
as ive said a thousand times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with z!
as someone from la and an oilfield worker , i still say this guy is not that good .
Assad leaves and it will be a total bad show in Syria.
He must be worried.
at least one party cares about humans after birth .
at the same time as your article.
attacking him, calling him names, making up things about him.
because israeli rabbis never say bad things.
because it is reposted so much.
Because you have failed.
Because you're making the nazi thing up
Better to keep your mouth shut and be wrong than to open it and prove yourself.
blame the parents who moaned and bragged for all the child protection problems in schools these days.
bloated thing that comes out of these other .
Boeing is behaving exactly like any greedy person would.
But most of the time this is the middle of street.
But nobody knows what Kennedy will do, so they're all strategically sitting tight.
but redditors are too busy to care.
But Ukraine is not going to buy a gas.
By the way, sorry about that edit.
California's last primary election was a farce.
Call me out of my ignorance
Call me, but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
Can you calm down, cnn
Can someone explain this please?
Can't people just leave cuba alone so it can get its feet under itself for number of minutes?
Can we just keep the dog out of this?
cant you lazy people do anything?
careful, you just described the goonies, and that was classic.
China and Russia will use a big stick to hurt Trump around if those ships do anything to his character.
Colin Kaepernick has no voice
Collins, is wrong, but we didn't need this article to establish that fact
Come on, adn, are you really that hard up that you have to publish this thing?
come on, get your right step right.
This guy needs to be fired!
Could have fooled me
They don't care about facts
Crimea voted for secession and Russia accepted and annexed crimea, what a crisis!
Daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they dont care.
daniel pantaleo , the one who got away with murdering eric garner .
delta hasn 't always messed , but this was one bad move .
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
Youre correct about people having their show moments when they do real bad things.
Did he come from poverty and find the land? Doubtful.
Did you think I was going to sit back and let someone spew hatred towards me?
are you suggesting that should be enough to keep them satisfied?
Yr olds can be little things too, doesn't mean you fight them.
Several years later and they still blame Bush for his failures.
dmvs are unbelievable .
Do people actually believe this thing?
Do people really think everyone is not good enough to recognize this double standard?
Do you ever get tired of asking question after question?
Does it happen there every year?
Doesn't this happen all the time?
Don't touch the things that are really close by.
Don't be so nitpicky, it's bad for
Don't be a bad person and add vandalism to articles.
Don't do things to spite your face.
don't worry about out of town people coming here and dropping bucketsey
don't have time for them.
dont you ever change one of my edits , or i will come to your house .
Comment of the week, congrats
economies of iran,venezuela,iraq, etc still bad.
This seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had one hell of defence team , or prosecutor really broke down .
Or what? How do you forget your child in the backseat.
either way you sound ill informed.
eli5 why should governments give up ?
Bush knows he didn't work out.
Everyone is a bad person
Everyone has that single issue that represents the whole thing.
Except, you know, that stock market crash that literally just happened.
except your bankers,lobbyists,congressmen,nsa and your expensive healthcare.
I've seen stuff all over the constitution but he's still regarded as a very good president.
food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
For $ DIGIT, who cares.
for those without health insurance in states that didn't expand medicaid.
Fox News is going to be angry when they hear this
From personal experience, they get away with things that no minority could at least in Ohio.
I need to change my whole outlook.
I don't like alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff.
Never doing that again.
Oh no, we'll do it live.
I'll just click the first name so I can go home.
I don't know how afghanistan has number
Minimum security , put him in real prison .
Go away, it is international airspace
popeyes for doing this in the first place.
red light cameras and the cities that use them.
It would be a bad thing for them and their rules.
this guy and all his political cohorts.
I will not do what you tell me.
Where are you from?
Barbarians got a lot of nerve to mess with us
person
isis, had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they.
Funny how he runs screaming into the arms of the society .
you are not in a great position
Gazprom is not working, I guarantee it.
You didn't know, kiddo
get lost, you lawyer!
Get lost.
get the brewbaker id and get to mars ! .
get them and do something.
Get this out of there
gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
I don't want to get stronger every month.
Glad to see they were allowed to stoop up the a barbara coast.
Gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built poorly cars
Go ahead, ban me , i dont care
Go for a hike.
God the storm when he wins will be amazing. Can't wait.
Good, I'm tired of seeing people abusing that thing.
Good, that show is not good.
Good thing I never supported those people.
discrimination is such a bad thing
gt never underestimate a man with an army.
gt obama is not the best man
So Russia never cared about Ukraine.
It's really sad because what they need to do is stop and mind their own business.
Well today I learned something.
Haha, I need to wake up.
I am not going to find that entertaining, I'll see myself out.
Harper needs to get out of office.
Harper was not good
Have you ever been to trees and seen all the things people say weed can do?
Have you ever heard of revenge?
He's trying to save his own.
He depends on rural voters to keep him in office and takes off all of them.
He didn't say he wanted two wars to make the cheneys even richer.
He has almost a year and he has hardly anything to say about it.
He hasn't done anything for palestine.
He is a fan of Barcelona who needs to be put in his place.
he is not a good person.
He's not that bad.
He's quite arrogant unfortunately, I am hoping to stab him to death soon.
He will do it too
He looks smart enough to survive the storm.
He posts insinuating things too.
he is arrogant and up himself , plus i love him.
He says the same things, she attributes it to the entire party.
He is not bad, he just lacks selfcontrol.
Hey, I said I would be more careful not to remove content.
Keep it to yourself.
Hi, my name is tbloeme, and I am sad and lonely.
His brain has stopped working, but his mouth is still yapping.
His incessant sin knows no bounds
His own secretary of state thinks he is not well-rounded.
His pay check from taxpayers because people add zeros every time they open their mouth.
Hi frank, you know someone called and i dont get it, why are you complaining about me
Who does it like that?
It's awesome.
I just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail.
a cop got fired ? .
I just finished the season and it is so good but so bad, especially at the end.
Someone remembers what actually happened.
That second explosion is so violent.
They re like republicans on pcp now!
what is wrong with you?
You are that super aggressive player I played with two days ago.
I thought that was a joke.
that article was filled with ads.
why is this not higher up?
yeah, forgot about that one.
honestly, who cares about what words you have to recite ?
Just hope that guy steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed.
Hope that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
Hope Turkish people aren't witty enough to hand it to him.
How about people who buy seats knowing that others will recline around them and then talk about it.
How do you compare those two to harry and lloyd .
How else could it have become , with bribery being legal and not a good thing?
how are they going to outer space ?
how can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?
How do you manage that?
How do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself
How do you think people afford houses and cars?
However, talk pages exist for a reason.
I'm ready to do something to make this stop, but what can I do?
I'm so sick of Reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
I'm vacationing in San Juan, and the winds were crazy.
I accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost got hurt by it.
I always thought that was not fair, you go to jail for not paying a bill, that will be productive
I'm going to lose my mind when this happens
I blame the voters of our state for electing these people
I cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on this, they could just ask.
I can't believe we are even discussing this.
I can't wait until south park makes an episode about your group
I could understand how many people would get upset seeing a title like this.
I couldn't even tell what it's saying.
I'd love to live there, if it weren't for the california cost of living.
I did not vandalize anything.
I didn't say anything.
I don't care
I don't think it's bad since it was not like she had to accept.
i don t care where you are going .
I don't think El Chacho became a bad person because people kept calling him one.
I don't think ramsay is so funny.
I don't want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs or see this picture.
I don't care about sides.
I knew they were punking us.
I go there for work every few months, and I can assure you that it's not good
i gotto put mycents in too saying how bad someone is !
I have no respect for this woman
I have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food.
I just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was brutal.
I love that one thing the one lady wore "I am not kim davis".
I'm Australian myself, but I don't say mate or anything all the time.
I'm done with this.
I'm glad you guys protect your empire, because it's like an orphan kingdom.
I'm just glad he doesn't actually believe in this stuff.
I'm not trying to be stupid but I didn't think it was a cure for anything.
I'm tired of bad jokes.
I mean, how much does that really matter?
I mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
i mean it 's killed a lot of people and now they ,re gonna give it an established base of operations ?
I never knew they were rich, just tourists with loud aloha shirts.
I never spoke or wrote that thing.
i posted this because khodorkovsky is too bad.
I really hope not.
I sell quite a bit of stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
I still think it is wrong, but I understand why they do it.
I take it you teach your teenager to call people wrong when not able to come up with anything else.
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look ugly regardless .
I think that's noble.
I thought world leader just picked random thing to do, thank you for informing us!
I was a bad kid though.
I was told that he is not in good shape.
I wish people would stop talking about big money in politics.
I wish we could jail politicians for things like this.
I wonder what is the fear that turns these people into such liars?
I would have lost my life years ago.
Ibrahim is kind of sad lately.
if he's found to have acted in cold blood , the feds are going to persecute him
If the UK did anything other than talk talk and supply weapons, i'd be very surprised.
If you believe their lies, then you are a public.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them.
If you continue being a bad person, you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
If you continue to be an apologist and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia!
If you don't use it, I guess it would seem like bad government.
If you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you're a bad person.
If you still think you're not living in a police state, wake up.
If you think a town in Texas would cover this kind of thing, you're not wise.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you're wrong.
If you think so, you are making a fool of yourself
Impeachment of Trump is not a good idea
implying americans are gonna vacation at that hole .
in other news op is a unsuitable.
In other words, if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to leave.
In the end, he was just a bad guy.
Instead of trying to make a difference, you were more interested in making t e statement.
Iran says that when its mail arrives late.
Is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in quality so it uploads faster?
It's just bad luck.
It's a big deal because the school didn't care until she was being bullied
It's about time.
It's actually a great idea if you want to keep people out and get things done.
It's like Jurassic Park, but much fluffier.
It's not the Ukraine, just Ukraine!
It's refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy.
It is the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has messed up many species.
It's bad that you're a bad person.
It had nothing to do with anything I said.
It tastes bad and I've never even seen it available outside of five star restaurants.
It was clear from the first sentence of the article
It would be messed up if that happened.
It would be illegal to kill someone.
it's good that you're adding stuff but some of it is completely unusable.
it's one of those you don't know what you're saying so i'm correcting you.
It's time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all Alaskans not to select few.
Jesus. I was having a nice Sunday afternoon and then I read that?
Jesus christ is not so good at this stuff.
jesus christ , what a crock of things .
joke 's on you , you are not understanding
judging by what i ve seen in my number years , number of those spent with george w .
Just a thought, but maybe stay away from China.
Just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider.
Just state your opinion.
Just what they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
keep away from wikipedia's articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute.
Kid, you should be watching the cartoons made for your generation.
last warning, it takes me minutes to resolve a page so I don't believe you can mess wikipedia up.
Last winter was brutal.
Legacy of being a selfish person.
Let's have them do all the hard things men are forced to do.
let darwinism take its course so that the least minded shall inherit the earth
lgbt complain and fight all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned .
Justin.
Like, who cares what Trump's view on this is haha?
lol , sunshine was critically acclaimed you, lol
Lol, yeah, like that would ever happen.
lol, yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero , g w bush waged .
I remember Glenn Beck and a ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention.
Look at yourself.
Looks like the crew is making decisions now.
Looks like you were just a teeny bit off the mark there, friend
You are lucky, maybe now you think youre somebody, huh?
make a guess how somebody can misspell area as era then .
Making and distributing cp is not a good idea
man you are so insecure about it.
Maybe i will go peacefully so a thousand vicissitudes will be wiped out later.
Maybe not always relevant, but they sure are fun.
Maybe now no one will be hurt.
Military can be very boring too.
Minorities mumble and moan when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and incredibly selfish .
Most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and shes over dramatizing the whole thing.
most of the information is completely wrong.
Munoz' letter implicates the whole board of directors as the wrong people, tolerating an honest and selfregarding person as their lead employee .
My comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this.
My thoughts are that our new guy might be a bigger problem.
My wife still cares for me.
Never heard such a poorly written story.
Never trust anything they try to push down your throat.
No, i am pointing out that you are being condescending about it, just like your euphoric brethren.
No , putin will send depardieu to the wife of harper.
No, racism is a lot older than the newspaper.
No, that's not good.
No, almost nobody is saying that except for those in the video.
No way number bricks fits in a car, this is not good.
No, my goodness, what year did you move here?
No one being investigated for treason.
no self-respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful articles
no, lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees
this has already been done.
No, that is a bolt action.
Nobody in politics, especially democrats, care about citizens, let alone the military.
None of that would have happened if he werent black
No one is asking you to invade
Not even from ignorant, hypocritical people.
not in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about.
Not hard for the Prime Minister.
Not a biologist, but virologist!
not the rich and the government, but the people will be poor.
not to be confused with the legal firm
not trying to be rude, just joking.
Nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look bad.
Now congress, congress don't do anything.
Now stop spending money on education in Texas, Rick!
Now shut up and fix it.
Now that is not a good thing to say
Number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it.
Oh, I'm hearing things like that from her too.
oh, what if North Korea actually is funding isis?
You just blew their minds
One is not dead but just totally unwell.
Only those who would buy into this stuff are the real ones.
only if they have a death wish.
Only those who voted for him.
Or are you pulling this out of your mind?
Or go with it.
Org read a book.
Org there's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this.
Oh yeah, Muslims in the Western world love to decry this.
Yeah man, they had no idea about Norway.
ours is pretty bad too.
p. s. I do own all of those pictures.
Parliament is not a good thing.
That is the way with all the money Alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
people are not very smart for wasting emergency call time on things like this.
People don't even wash their hands after putting things in the wrong place.
People saying things like these people are bad and how can they get away with this.
Perhaps Iran would be nicer if we didn't, you know, treat them the way they are for the past number years.
Don't disturb me, get on my nerves.
Planet earth is crazy
Please just stay away and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure and dont come back!
Price wise, it's awful.
probably tons of terrible things.
Maybe some of them are actuated by nothing worse than bad actions.
They should be in Angola.
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards hole.
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some hierarch, even unto being killed, like st .
randy johnson is not worth it.
Read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is shitting all over the citizens of the United States.
removed from reality in - good – deed
Republican and democrats are the right and left
Right, that's what I was implying by saying that the un won't do anything, because Russia is on the SC
Same as his wall, and his solar panel idea, but he has done so many other things
same stuff going on in the pnw too.
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders !
sell your ships, find a new job, get the number out of the century, thanks
Seriously, at least number of people are dead, leave aside your point scoring and generally go away.
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into troubles?
She lied to them about what she was doing.
She is a massive porn star whos vagina and arse split to create one big gaping whole.
China can get own this if they want to.
I'd love an number pm sunset.
they even do it in their own country.
I may have it.
Boris, we're supposed to be in Kiev and not London.
just got real upload .
This looked like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing.
we are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note , why does everything the us make have to be called " joint . "
Silicon Valley resident here, this is so bad.
you are confused, it's not about making America safe or the reevaluation.
sit on your home and don't vote at your peril
This is more appropriate.
so , cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a picture of knows what with bit of smoke in it .
So again, unless you have something useful to say, do not say anything.
I would really like it if people could stop acting like that is why he got shot, it isn't.
so is torture why should they give one thing?
So, wait until you know what it is you talking about.
so stop pointing your fingers.
So they don't care about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this thing, but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people ?
Some most of this fire was on balconies which fell on others.
Some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to be raped.
Someone says no, and they say, we need vets only for free housing?
Putin doesn't care what Canada thinks
He speaks about things he absolutely does not understand.
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn ’t go there , even the thumbnails are out of date.
still standing up for your leader who loves himself and nobody else.
Stop being the same person, are you his mom or something?
Straight people get married and don't care about their kids all the time
strong fiscal management , steve o .
It is not good for a coach to make ten times what he or she makes.
Such a good band, who'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name.
It was bad to me.
Sure he should get punished, but three years?
take your problem elsewhere gessler
Take your own advice and go to one of these other subreddits.
taking a stand with either party is also wrong.
This is the last minute of your time.
Thank god for the magic.
that almost never happens excepts rarely in a bad country.
That and their service.
That has got to stop.
That guy used to be a very bad guy.
that person is not qualified for any public office .
That man is the biggest thing in NY's recent history.
That's a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all.
That's murder in my book and they let parents off for that all of the time.
that's some pretty silly logic.
That's the type of stuff grand juries are supposed to avoid.
That's what they all say till they are cooked in radiation.
That said, I hope they get a great attorney and sue the cops
that is smiling in court !
That is not nice on your lungs.
This is way stronger than the heroine I just shot up with.
That sounds democratic.
That water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen .
That is why it is, it does not truly reflect the views of the people.
That's a great point
That's a racist comment.
That is just wrong. How can I be blocked for stating a fact.
The joke, that Canada's military is a joke is extremely played out, it is not funny
The claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is not true.
The fact we are doing this now and it started when I was number is insane!
What am I reading so early?
Germany is now in the same position as it was throughout their history
The guy was not a good person.
The guy was shot.
The image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but shedding tears, is heartbreaking.
the important things who has time to build chairs ? .
The judge was basically right, don't use pitchforks.
I would have played it for them.
The object is to waste people's time deconstructing your effusions .
the only respect he has is because i have access to the bomb codes.
the original surface was not good, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
The pay is awful and the hours are long.
The people are still driving around in cars built on the number.
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most depressed of all .
the person was a bad person to begin with.
The point is that either choice was a bad choice.
The really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews.
the rewritten rules are not well-founded, and any support of them follows suit.
The problem in San Bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
I guess they don't do enough in the end that pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative
The ones who can't do that but try to educate people.
The woman is a bad person but the man is not good.
Their product is cheap but it's of such bad quality that you're better off getting the more expensive item.
Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big bad bad ones and everything.
then drench the thing with bbq sauce!
They are bound and determined to start a civil war
These have always been around.
They are live streaming on BBC.
They are always destroying him and aggrandizing him
they are smart for rejecting our corn .
They are the same people
They deal with them and then they think everyone in society is in a bad situation.
They don't care about terrorism.
They get attention, and that's exactly what you are giving them.
They have all the money, how am I supposed to earn my billions?
they have been involved in so many things since its creation.
They'll say and do anything to cover their mouths, won't they?
they must have been pretty unwise to get caught in today environment
They named it after him.
They need to stop treating people like degrading people.
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by cult led by an known tax evader .
They're both badly hurt.
They really don't fit in, since they're just immature.
They should have fled, i feel that these guys are badly not on their way, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?
they've done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number.
They were most likely bought out by the Koch brothers.
they weren t suicide bombing for fun certainly .
They will end up in hell.
They will find someone as unsuitable as him to become the glorious leader.
this administrations is as bad as the last
this article so many of the comments are bad.
This is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as poor people.
This guy does not want to think. He doesn't really know anything about business and lacks the ability to forward think
This has to be the worst editorial of all time.
This is a tactic for goodness sake.
This is a joke
This is a special needs child with autism and no self control.
this is nothing short of a hateful whine by someone who didn't get her way.
This is perhaps the most naive and oversimplified thing I've ever read
This is not right, all pain meds should be otc.
This is scaring me out.
this is some clockwork orange level thing .
this is some twilight zone
This is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are wrong!
This is the exact reason we need a national death penalty, his sentence should have been slack
This is what happens when you gather a bunch of unknowledged and brainwash them with propaganda.
This is why the country is not happy
This isn't about agreeing on blowing things up.
This is tiresome.
This human can't be punished.
this populist thing is just the psych majors manipulating you .
This has been happening for generations.
This thing has gone full circle from parody.
This thing is overwhelming to think about.
This person doesn't want to face the consequences for his actions.
This whole place is corrupt.
those are really repugnant , and there plenty out there on both sides on the social networks .
those things are complete and utter.
He has been released from jail . It protects others from his drunk driving.
Time to cut the credits and also cut some things.
Time to wage war and break up
To suggest otherwise is not right.
to think that she's been doing that kind of work for yeaaars
Top ten most relevant "are you sorry"
Treat their murder victims as if it are real
Turkey could invade, and Russia wouldn't be able to do anything about that either.
Unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you're out of luck
Use your own name to comment in public or I will be forced to call you rude
useful people), of course, the russians are still at it thats what they do regards.
Very few of them ever make cora requests for those case files.
We're not world leaders, all you'll get is speculation.
We don't need to consider anything
We don't need to be a liars in this
we had to find some use for that lock box, sure as they didn't put money in it.
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren't complaining about that .
We should answer those ads then sabotage the equipment .
We shouldn't be shaming on his good name and saying what he should, and should have done.
well, don't know about him being evil, but he was definitely a bad person.
Well, there you go.
Well, I can't believe people are only starting to realise this.
well they broke up youtube hard .
west is not good.
We have become too accepting of her things, which fosters hate.
We have only one guy.
what's with these people coming on here and saying this?
What a bunch of lies!
What a dude you are
What a person you are!
what kind of really bad plan is that?
What kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?
What kind of post is this?
What's the point of wearing them?
what does it matter?
What did you do to my free images like this one?
What do you mean by cornered?
What is this comment?
What is this guy doing?
What is this news story?
what is wrong with australia?
What's wrong with you?
what is wrong with you guys
What is this about?
what is wrong with people
What question are you talking about?
What is really bad is how you jump to conclusions
What is the title of this report?
When I was your age and starting to realize all these things, I became very depressed.
Where does he get his degree from?
who really cares about this?
Who cares whose fault it is?
Who is pushing diversity on you?
Who do you think you are anyway?
Why can't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
why do you guys do this out west?
Why does it bother you?
why is reddit so biased?
why is the scale of that graphed so messed up?
Why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging?
Why should I care?
Why did they give some interview time?
Why does everybody hate Syria so much?
why haven't they condemned North Korea?
WOW. What were they thinking when they named that cleaning product.
Wisconsin needs to catch it up like right now.
Why is this poll a self-selected internet poll quoted as if it were 'real statistic'?
Who is government to be involved in your kids education?
Yeah, americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case something goes wrong anywhere else
yeah , comparitively they don't care all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants
Yeah, I hate this
Yeah, they don't care.
yeah well ban me
Yes, it does stink but there are enough people who praise this outfit nonetheless
Yet, fifa doesn't care about that.
Yet to this day people still believe the lies about Clinton.
Why are you saying mean things to me?
You have lost your chances.
You have a good name.
You are liable to break something and touch something which you shouldn't touch.
You pushing your agenda instead of being honest
You don't remember it?
you have got to be crazy.
You have no idea.
You know more than these people, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
You leave me alone.
you missed the sentence.
You still won't care.
You've got to be kidding me.
Your types of examples are not great.
Yes, keep government out of air unless you want it to get worse.
Yes, it's awesome that way, yeah.
