. or the loud sound of a one- thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn.
mandated and "right now" would be good.
*nor* of my coworkers gave a hoot about the fact that they were all over the place when it came time to ditch mitch. ugh.
* well, no, he shot himself.
&gt i wouldn't care how many people you are in you weren't pretending to know anything.
&gt today was one of the most tear up days of my life.
<number>, people will freak the hell out.
3. you don't get to do that with a mommas boy
6. are you kidding me?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure, nothing more.
actually no, i hate looking for a reason to disagree.
after all its hard to get a job if your not a good student.
after all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
again, give me the name of the store or the store.
ah, another supporter for those who believe in the teachings of Jesus Christ and those of the Christian faith.
all i got from that was that the price of oil is gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that you see on tv is just that, a TV show.
all that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
all you trump supporters are seriously messed up.
allowing whole colonies of such people to arise should be punishable by a fine of $50,000 by the officials.
almost as good a set up as the cia funding and arming bin laden.
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits.
also, the us doesn't really have to give a damn about international laws.
also, why the hell is tepco anywhere near this?.
also known as the middle east part number.
america would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don t give a damn what britons think.
amy, the evidence is showing again.
anarchy is basically a philosophy for the children of teenagers and marxism is about dead.
and because the government need this land, they need to pay for the people who live there, right?.
and dumdums actually throw money at these people?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich and thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody gave a hoot.
and some people don't buy that.
and start sending them home.
and telling nato to pull his shirt off.
and they are too busy to realize it.
and they really dont give a hoot about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why the manager didn't tell the cop that? Why did the manager tell the cop that?
and ya can't draw a lot of cartoons.
anddddd i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well...
another piece of manufactured news!
any way you can borrow and spend.
any of us who did half this would be locked the other half up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very easy to edit.
anyone is better than this.
anyone who votes in communism is really really smart and out of touch with reality.
apologies i said i called you multiple times and called you an "expert" and other names.
are they or just me?
as a member of the lafayette community why the hell does it matter what his political standing is!
as he would say what a great guy.
as ive said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a z!
as ive said a thousand times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a z!
as someone from la and an oilfield worker, i still say this guy is a piece of work.
assad leaves and it will be a total waste of money.
assad must be in his own home in fear.
at least one party gives a lot of credit to the myths about humans after birth.
at the same time as your article.
attacking him, calling him names, making up stories about him.
because israeli rabbis never say they don't make up their own mind.
because its been reposted so much.
because you are a good person.
because you re making that nazi point up.
better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a bad person, than open it and be proven one.
blame the parents who have complained and moaned for all the child protection that is being done in schools these days.
bloated. I love the humor that comes out of these other.
boeing is behaving exactly as any other person would.
but mostly that middle of the street is where the cars are.
but nobody knows what the new mayor of kennedy will do, so they re all strategically sitting tight.
but redditors are too busy reading bernie s comments to care.
but ukraine is unwilling to buy a single gallon of gas.
by the way, sorry about that. I'm sorry to edit.
california s last primary election was a farce, doofus.
call me on my cell phone?
call me a "journalist", but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
calm the clock down, cnn.
can someone explain this to me please.
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number of minutes?.
can we just keep dog owners out of this?.
cant you do anything?
careful, you just described the goonies, and that was classic.
china and russia will use a big stick to keep trump around if those ships do anything to him.
colin kaepernick is an NFL player.
collins, is an expert on the subject, but we didnt need this article to establish that fact.
come on, adn, are you really that hard up that you have to publish this?
come on ya dummy get your right step right.
It needs to get better
could ve fooled me, all governments are corrupt as long as they are in power.
But this rarely talks about facts.
crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea, what a crisis!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they dont give a hoot about it.
daniel pantaleo, the bag of tricks who got away with murdering eric garner.
delta hasn't always been a good choice, but this was one of them - a good move.
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real things.
did he come from poverty and bust his way into the land to buy the land? doubtful.
did you think i was going to sit back and let some people who have no idea what I'm talking about spew hatred towards me?
What are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these uppity people satisfied?
DIGIT year round. Just because you can be little, too, doesn’t mean you fight them.
DIGIT years later and they still blame bush for his screw ups.
dmvs are un- believable.
do people actually believe this???????????????????????
do people really think everyone is too smart to recognize this double standard?
do you ever get tired of asking the same questions?
does this happen there every year?.
doesn’t this happen all the time?.
don 't touch the bridge thats really close by
don t be such a nitpicky person, it s bad for.
dont be a fan of the article and add a lot of unnecessary and clear vandalism to articles.
dont hold your nose to your face.
dont give us that much of a reason to worry about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either.
dont have time for that.
dont you ever change one of my edits, or i will come to your house, and i will cut you.
Best comment of the week, congrats
economies of iran, venezuela, iraq, etc still have a lot of problems.
eh this seems to be reasonable since their crazy as hell neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had one heck of defence team, or prosecutor really didn't show up.
either way, how the hell do you forget your child in the backseat.
either way you sound like you're being sarcastic and ill informed.
eli5 why should governments give a pass to the public?.
even bush knows he is making it up.
everybody is such a good guy.
everyone s got that single issue that represents the most important thing they can pick up their hands on.
except for, ya know, that stock market crash that literally just happened.
except your bankers, lobbyists, congressmen women, nsa, big corp and your expensive as hell healthcare.
fdr. Obama has been impeached all over the constitution, but he s still regarded as a very good president.
food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
for $ DIGIT, who gives a hoot.
for those without health insurance in the up states that didn't expand medicaid.
fox news is going to be laughing at themselves when they hear this.
from personal experience, waspy white kids get away with a lot of things that no minority could at least in utah.
If i am wrong, i have to change my whole outlook.
It's the same with alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff.
I don't see him ever doing that again.
If we can't do it, we 'll do it live.
If i want to go to it i ll just click the first name so i can go home.
This is a joke to me, even afghanistan has number.
If he doesn't get minimum security, put him in real prison.
No, it is not off - it is international airspace
I'm so sorry popeyes for doing this in the first place.
It's about red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them.
I like them and all their,,,,,,,,, rules.
I love this scumbag piece of work from Trump and all his political cohorts.
I dont know you, i wont do what you tell me.
Well, sonofabitch, where are you from?
I don't think the barbarian gooks got a lot of nerve to mess with us.
It's the nature of a person.
finally got a little blemish on archer isis, had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they.
funny how he runs screaming like a child into the arms of the society he wants to tear down.
gawd, you are one massively talented fellow.
gazprom is not a gas company, i guarantee this.
get over it kiddo, you didn't know that.
He lost, false and his lawyer.
get lost you piece of cake.
get the brewbaker id and get your brews to mars!.
get thef their money back and do something.
get this stuff out of there.
getting my first pass at the end of the day by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again.
getting stronger every month yeah i do wish.
glad to see they were allowed to go up the santa barbara coast.
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built cars
go ahead ban me, i dont give a hoot.
go take a hike, go for a hike
god the weather is going to be a storm when he wins will be amazing! can 't wait.
good, i m tired of seeing people abusing that right.
good, thanks, that show kicks so much.
good thing i never supported those who were..
gosh, discrimination is such a bad thing!
gt never underestimate a crazy person with an army.
gt obama is a lying sack of a man.
gt so russia never gave a hoot about ukraine.
gt thats really sad because what they really need to do is take a day off and mind their own business.
gt well today i think the people who pioneered fracking learned something.
haha, it seems to me we need to wake up.
haha okay i m a little late to find that entertaining, i ll see myself out.
harper needs to get the hell out of office.
harper was nothing but a man and a woman.
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the things that people say weed can do?.
haven t you ever heard of revenge?.
he's trying to save his own life.
he depends on the support of rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone else around him.
he didn t say he wanted two wars to make cheney s pals even richer.
he has almost a year and a half to go.
he hasn’t done anything for palestine.
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place, he is a fan of that fagget.
he is a good guy.
he is not that good.
he is very talented unfortunately im hoping to get him to the US soon.
he ll have to look that up too.
he looks smart enough to survive the storm.
he posts a lot of things too.
he s arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans like he treats himself.
he says she doesn't like the whole thing, she attributes it to the entire gop.
hes not a bad person, he just lacks selfcontrol.
hey, i said i was sorry, i said ill be more careful not to remove content.
hey man keep that to yourself.
hi, my name is tbloeme, and im a sad and lonely little page boy, and I am a nazi.
his brain has stopped functioning, but his heart keeps yapping.
his love for the game knowns no bounds.
his own secretary of state thinks hes a good guy.
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of government bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths.
hiya frank, you know someone called the "snowflake" then?.
holy cow, who the hell thinks like that?
holy, that s awesome!
holy cow! i just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail.
holy smokes, a cop got fired?.
holy smokes, just finished the season and it is so good but so *dark*, especially at the end.
holy cow, somebody remembers what actually happened.
holy smokes, that second explosion is so violent.
holy smokes, they re like republicans on pcp now!
holy cow, what is wrong with you?.
holy sis, you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago!.
holy smokes, i thought that was a joke.
holy cow that article was filled with ads.
holy smokes why is this not higher up???
holy smokes, yeah, forgot about that one.
honestly, who the hell cares what words you have to recite?.
honestly hope that cockeyed_can_be_saved_by_the_saved_the_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_saved_
hopefully that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
hopefully turks are not smart enough to hand it to him.
how about the whiny cunts who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then bitch about it.
how do you compare those two to harry and lloyd.
how else could it have become, with bribery being legal and the government being in charge?.
how the heck are they getting to outer space?
how the heck can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?.
how the heck do you manage that?.
how the hell do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself.
how the hell do you think people afford houses and cars?
however, talk pages exist for a very good reason.
i'm ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can i do?
i'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
i'm vacation in the san juans, and i went to the beach because the winds were crazy.
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost fell out of my pants.
i always thought that was the way to go. if you go to jail for not paying a bill yea, that ll be productive.
i am going to lose my job when this happens!
i blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing wackos.
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on the matter, they could just ask.
i cant believe we are even discussing something like this.
i cant wait until south park makes an episode about your cult.
i could understand how many people would kick their pants seeing a title like this
i couldn t even tell what the article is saying, just what it s saying.
i d love to live there if it weren t for the high cost of living and the high california cost of living.
i did not vandalize anything you posted.
i didn t say that!.
i don't give a hoot.
i don't think it's fair that she had to give up since it's not like she had to accept.
i don t give a hoot where you are going.
i don t think el chapo became a piece of cake because people kept calling him one.
i don t think ramsay gives a hoot.
i don`t want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs or see this little picture.
i dont give a flying fig about sides!.
i think they knew they were punking us.
i go there for work every few months, and i can assure you it is a great place.
i gotto put mycents in too saying how nice someone is!
i have no respect for the media.
i have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food.
i just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was some brutal stuff.
i love that one. i am sure the one lady wore " i am not kim davis".
i m australian myself, but i don t say mate or mate all the time.
i m done with this.
i m glad you guys protect your country, because orphan black and strange empire are great.
i m just glad he doesn t actually believe in this stuff.
i m not trying to be a doctor, but i didn t think it was a cure for anything.
i m tired of the jokes.
i mean, how much does that cost?
i mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but it's not like he's taking it seriously.
i mean it's been a long time since they've hired a ton of people and now they're gonna give it an established base of operations?
i never knew they were rich, just a bunch of tourists with loud aloha shirts.
i never uttered or wrote that.
i posted this because khodorkovsky is such a good guy.
i really hope not.
i sell quite a bit of my stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
i still think it is a bad idea, but i understand why they do it.
i take it you teach your teenager to call people names when unable to come up with anything else.
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look nice regardless.
i think that s noble as well.
i thought world leader just picked random words to say, i don't know what to do, thank you for informing us!.
i was a very good kid though.
i was told he s a real good guy.
i wish people would stop the ranting and raving and get up about big money in politics.
i wish we could jail politicians for things like this.
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive and aggressive people?
i would have lost my job *years* ago.
ibrahim is kind of a bit of a joke lately.
if hes found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute the life out of him.
if the uk did anything but talk about the need to build and supply weapons i d be very surprised.
if you believe their lies, then you become the enemy of the public.
if you cant dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with brilliance.
if you continue to post a link to wikipedia, you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
if you continue to be an active contributor to wikipedia and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia!
if you don t use it i guess it would seem like the government is trying to keep you safe.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you're a piece of the problem.
if you still think you re not living in a police state, wake the hell up.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you're missing the point.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you re missing the point.
if you think so, you are making a lot of money out of yourself.
impeachment of trump is a really bad idea.
implying americans are gonna vacation at that hole.
in other news op is a good one.
in other words, if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to pay for it.
in the end, he was just a good guy.
instead of trying to make a difference, the old man was more interested in making a statement.
iran says that the USPS will be disappointed when its mail arrives late.
is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in order to improve the quality so it uploads faster?.
it's just bad luck.
it s a big deal because the school didn`t give a clue about the girl until she was being bullied.
it s about time.
it s actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get some work done.
it s like a jurassic park, but much fluffier!.
it s not the ukraine, just ukraine!
it s refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy.
it s the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has been a major factor in the extinction of many a species.
it is that you are an intelligent person.
it sure as hell had nothing to do with anything i said.
it tastes like a lot of shrimp and i've never even seen it available outside of five-star restaurants.
it was clear from the first sentence of the article.
it would be a shame if that happened.
it would be illegal as a person to straight up lie to someone.
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely out of line.
its one of those you don t know what your saying so i m correcting you.
its time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few, sorry.
jesus. i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that you were in the middle of a storm?
jesus christ, that's incredibly true. I'm just making it up.
jesus christ, what a crock of a story.
joke's on you, you intolerant, you are not welcome.
judging by the number of years i ve seen in my number years, number of those spent with george w.
just a thought, but maybe stay the distance away from the chinese.
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider, I'm not sure how to do that!
just state your opinion.
just the money they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
keep your paws off wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute.
kid, you should be watching the cartoons they call cartoons now made for your generation.
last warning you have to be a tosser, it takes meminutes to resolve a page so cunts like you can't look wikipedia up
last winter was brutal.
legacy of being a selfish person is in my head.
let's have them do all the tough things that men are forced to do.
let darwinism take its course so that the least of the poor shall inherit the earth.
lgbt whine and whine and whine all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned.
liar, you set my pants on fire justin.
like, who gives a damn what trump s view on this is haha?.
lol, sunshine was critically acclaimed you say, lol.
lol, yeah, like that would ever happen.
lol, yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero, g w bush waged.
lol i remember glenn beck and a ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention.
look the other way up yourself.
looks like the not around crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a teeny bit off the mark there, friend.
lucky you, maybe now you think youre somebody, huh, maybe now you think youre somebody?
make a comment about it. I guess how somebody can misspell area as aera then.
making and distributing cp is not a good idea.
man you are so insecure about your own self esteem.
maybe i go peacefully so i can be avenged thousands later in righteous vengeance when the matter gets settled in court.
maybe not always relevant, but they sure are fun you can have them!
maybe now no one will be rammed in the back of the car.
military can be very helpful too.
minorities are free to whine and moan when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and incredibly rich and powerful.
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back for being so nice and shes over dramatizing the whole thing.
most of the information is total fiction.
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as feckless, tolerating a selfregarding, self-serving, self-serving, and self-serving CEO as their lead employee.
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this than there is at home.
my thoughts are that our new government might be an even bigger threat to our economy.
my wife still gives me the money for it.
never heard such a poorly written crock of pure, un-American propaganda!
never trust anything the repugs try to shove down your throat.
no, i m pointing out that you are being a condescending and condescending person.
no, putin will send depardieu to the court of harper's wife.
no, racism is a lot older than the history of the newspaper.
no, that s not true.
no. almost nobody is saying that except for those who are not in the video.
no, this is not the way number bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
no i didnt what year did you move here, how did you get here?.
no one being investigated for treason is brain washed.
no self - respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful, hateful and offensive comments.
no, the city of
no, this has already been done.
no you doofy, that is a bolt action!.
nobody in politics, especially democrats, give a damn about citizens, let alone the military.
none of that would ever have happened if he werent in the White House.
noones asking you to invade the US.
not even from the,...
not to mention the fact that we are sitting around in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about.
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is a good guy with a big head.
not just a biologist, a physicist, a physicist, a virologist!.
not the rich and the government, but the people will be in the street.
not to be confused with the legal firm bull and his associates.
not trying to be a bad guy, just joking.
nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look shady as well.
now congress, congress don t do anything.
now quit giving up education in texas, rick!
now, fix it and fix it.
now that is just a very, very nice thing to say.
number will solve alot of the problems if it comes down to it.
oh, i m hearing things like that from her too.
oh, and, oh, and, what if north korea actually is funding isis?.
oh, you just blew their minds.
one isn’t dead but just totally messed up.
I would buy into this stuff from the start.
only if they have a death wish.
only the majority of the people voted for him.
or are you pulling this out of your own pocket?.
or just go with this one en.
org read a book for the author’s sake.
org there s wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this.
org yeah, muslims in the western world love to decry this.
ouch, them were not to norway =\
ours is pretty messed up too.
p.s. i do own all of those pictures. I'm not a photographer.
parliament..
You can't keep up with all the money alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
people are going to be fired for wasting emergency call time on something like this.
people don t even wash their hands after taking a shower.
people saying things like these people are monsters and how can these people get away with this?
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t, you know, treat them like we have for the past number years.
piss me off, get on my nerves, get on my nerves.
planet earth is going crazy.
please just stay the hell off and erase the words from your mind like a chalkboard erasure and dont come back!
price wise, it's just awful.
probably because he said tons of terrible things.
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than a little bit of alcohol.
put their money in angola.
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards.
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some of the teachings of the hierarch, even unto being killed, like st.
randy johnson is a good guy.
read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is going to be a big deal all over the citizens of the united states.
removed from reality in - the - deed
republicans and democrats are the right and left cheeks of the same coin.
right, that's what i was implying by saying the un won't do anything to stop the war, because russia is on the sc.
same as his proposed wall, and the solar panel idea, and countless other things hes done.
same thing going on in the pnw too.
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders is not a good thing for his decisions!
sell your ships, find a new job, get the economy back on track, get out of the number th century, thanks.
seriously, at least number people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just go ahead and write it off.
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into a second world country?.
she lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive star whos in the middle and the middle is split to create one big gaping whole.
If you want to, china can get own this if they want to.
i love the number, i d love an number pm sunset.
They do it, they even do it in their own country.
... i might have it
I think boris we re supposed to be in kiev, not london!
I just got real upload.
It looked like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing.
I think we are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note, why the us make what we make, why does everything the us make have to be called "joint."
silicon valley resident here, this is so sad, this is so messed up.
It's not about the money, its not about making it safe or the reevaluation.
sit on your feet at home and don t vote at your peril.
No, the word is more appropriate.
so, 'cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a picture of a fire in it... and who knows what with a bit of smoke in it.
so again, unless you have something useful to say, you are going to be cut off.
so i would really like it if people could stop acting like that's why he got shot, it's not like he's a terrorist, it isn't.
so is torture why should they give a reason for it?.
so don't use the word "unfounded" until you know what it is your talking about.
so stop pointing your fingers.
so they don't give a flying hoot about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this attack?.. but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people?.
some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming debris onto others.
some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get a job in the liquor business.
someone says no, and they say no, and they say no, and they say no, and off we need vets only for free housing?.
spoiler russia doesn t give a damn what canada thinks.
spouts a lot of lies about things he absolutely does not understand.
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn’t go there, even the thumbnails are not up.
still standing up for your country. We need a leader who loves himself and nobody else.
stop being such a big fan of him, are you his mom or something?.
straight people get married and have kids up all the time.
strong fiscal management, my favorite, steve o.
It is not uncommon for a ball coach to make ten times what a teacher makes.
such a good tribute to the band, who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name.
I've never felt like nothings ever before.
sure he should get punished, but three years?.
take a look at inane, and elsewhere, gessler.
take your own advice and go off to one of these other subreddits.
taking a stand with either party is equally bad as taking a stand with the other.
tha last time.
thank god for the magical frog.
that almost never happens excepts rarely in the black hole countries.
that and their excellent customer service.
that has got to stop.
that guy used to be a real good guy.
that person who has a history of failure isnt qualified for any public office.
that man is the biggest piece of the puzzle in ny s recent history.
that s a lot of work for something that shouldn`t take any work at all.
that s not murder in my book and they let parents off for that kind of behavior all of the time.
that s some pretty good logic.
that s the type of thing grand juries are supposed to avoid.
that s what they all say till their skin is cooking in radiation.
that said, i hope they get a great attorney and sue the city for the money they got out of the cops.
that is why he is smiling in court!
that stuff is nasty on your lungs.
that is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with.
that sounds democratic as well.
that is a good thing.
that why it is not a good idea, it does not truly reflect the views of the people.
thats a great point.
thats an un-American racist comment.
thats just a fact, how can i be blocked for stating a fact.
the "joke" that canada's military is a joke is extremely played out, and it's not funny.
the claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is a myth.
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane!
the article is so long, why am i reading so early?.
the germans today are the same blind sheep they were in the past. They followtheleader sheep they were inand throughout their history.
the guy was a good guy.
the guy was shot!.
the image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but shedding tears, is so heartbreaking.
the important things who the hell has time to build chairs?.
the judge was basically right, you can't just put down your pitchforks.
the moment they hauled my car in i would have played it for them.
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your own effusions.
the only respect he has is because he has access to the bomb codesand because he is a member of the CIA.
the original surface was a good tablet, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
the pay is high and the hours are long.
the people are still driving around in cars built on the same old old <number>'s.
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most well-informed and well made up of all.
the person was a piece of work to begin with.
the point is that either choice was made by the other.
the really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews.
the rewritten rules are the law of the land, and any support of them follows suit.
the last time we had a fight in san bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
the only way the pco can win is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative.
the who can t do anything but try to educate people.
the woman s a woman, but the man s a man.
their new car is cheap but its of such awful quality that you re better off getting the more expensive item.
then all of a sudden i see her, shes now got the big phony name, she has a big name and everything.
then drench the whole thing with bbq sauce!
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war!
They have always been around.
they're living streaming on bbc for their own sake.
they are always beating him up and blowing smoke up his face and aggrandizing him and his fewaccomplishments.
they are smart for rejecting our food supply and replacing it with corn.
they are two faced with the same problem.
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a victim.
they don t give a hoot about terrorism.
they get attention which is exactly what you say their wits are giving them.
they have all the money, how am i supposed to earn my billions?.
they have been involved in so many messed up things since its creation.
they ll say and do anything to cover their tracks won't they?.
they must have been pretty lucky to get caught in today environment.
they named that building after him.
they need stop tratening people like this.
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by a cult led by a known tax evader.
they re both making up.
they really don t fit in, since they are just a bunch of people who are just doing their thing.
they should have fled, i feel that these guys are being targeted by the police, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?.
they ve done that in the past for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s.
they were most likely bought out by the koch brothers.
they weren t suicide bombing for the sake of terrorism and certainly.
they will end up in jail.
they will find someone as smart and capable as him to become the glorious leader.
this administrations first budget stinks as bad as the last!.
this article so many of the comments are wrong.
this deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as "the police".
this guy is a total sellout with no business experience, no passion for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking.
this has to be the best editorial of all time.
this is a PR tactic for its own sake.
this is a joke, are you all going to be retards?.
this is a special needs child with autism, not some angry little boy with no self control.
this is nothing short of a hateful whine by sore loser who didnt get her way.
this is possibly the most inaccurate and oversimplified thing i have ever read.
this is a good idea, all pain meds should be otc
this is scaring the hell out of me.
this is some clockwork orange level of government.
this is some twilight zone.
this is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are doing the right thing!
this is the exact reason we need a national death penalty, his sentence should have been a short rope!
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of people who don't know what they are talking about and brainwash them with bs and propaganda.
this is why the country is going to give up.
this isn’t about agreeing on blowing the whistle...
this talk is tiresome.
this piece of human decency should be held in jail.
this populist rhetoric is just the psych majors manipulating you.
this has been happening for generations.
this is the first time this has gone full circle from parody.
this is overwhelming to think about.
this is a good thing.
this whole place is so corrupt.
those are truly repugnant, and there plenty out there on both sides on the internet and social networks.
those things are complete and utter pieces of fiction...
throwing his son in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
time to cut the credits and also cut the budget.
time to wage war and blow the economy up.
to suggest otherwise is to be inflammatory.
to think that she's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaaars
top ten most relevant " are you sorry"
treats their murder victims like they are normal while living their life pretending they are normal.
turkey could invade, and russia wouldn't be able to do anything about that either.
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you are not going to be able to survive.
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a "citizen".
useful (and not just the russians ) of course, the russians are still at it thats what they do regards.
very few of these cophating people ever make cora requests for those case files.
we're not the worlds leaders in this area, all you'll get is speculation.
we don t need to consider that!
we dont need no more cops to show up in here!
we had to find some use for that lock box, sure as hell we didn’t put money in it.
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren't talking about that.
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the project by getting the money out of the equipment.
we shouldn`t be congratulating him on his good name, and saying what he should, and shouldn`t have done.
well, dunno about him being an ex-police officer, but he was definitely a good guy.
well, there ya go, miss you.
well no one is going to be able to do that, i can t believe people are only starting to realise this.
well they are. I looked up youtube hard.
west is the spoiled kingdom.
weve become too accepting of the idea of a free market, which fosters hate.
weve got one of the best jobs in the wh.
what's with these people coming on here and saying this is the way it is?
what a bunch of lies!
what a great guy you are.
what an amazing people you are!
what kind of really really good plan is that?
what kind of information did you put on my phone with that first link?.
what kind of post is this?.
what s the point of wearing them?.
what the actual facts are, does it matter?
what the hell did you do to my free images like this one,, you lazy, you lazy, you lazy.
what the heck do you mean cornered?.
what the hell is this comment?.
what the hell is this guy doing
what the heck is this news story?.
what the heck is wrong with australia?.
what the heck is wrong with you?
what the hell is wrong with you guys
what the heck is this about?
what the heck is wrong with people.
what the question are you talking about?
whats really funny is how you jump to conclusions.
whats the title of this report, no one has read it?.
when i was your age and starting to realize all this, i became very depressed and it was hard to cope.
wheres dis where he got his degree from?
who really gives a hoot about this?
who the hell cares whose fault it is?
who the hell is pushing diversity on you?.
who the hell do you feminists think you are anyway?
why can't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
why do you guys do this when you are out west?
why does it bother you, why does it bother me?
why is reddit so biased?
why is the scale of that graphed so high that it is hard to keep up?.
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from gouging patients and their families with price gouging?
why should i give a hoot!
why the heck did they give some ufo hack interview time?.
why the heck does everyone hate syria so much?.
why the heck haven't they condemned north korea?
wow. what the hell where they thinking when they named that cleaning product. seriously. &gt. &lt
?? missouri needs to catch the ball and clean up like right now.
wtf is this? Is this a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were a real statistic?.
yea, who the hell is government to be involved my my your kids education?.
yeah, americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case the situation gets serious anywhere else.
yeah, comparitively, why would they be doing this at all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants?.
yeah i hate this.
yeah they don`t give a hoot.
yeh well ban me fukkers, I'm not one of you morons
yes, it does stink to high heaven but there are enough gullible people who praise this outfit nonetheless.
yet fifa doesn t give two fives.
yet to this day people still believe the same lies about clinton.
yo buddy why are you saying mean things to me?
you've lost your chances.
you are a bit of a joke.
you are liable to break something and touch it, but you shouldnt touch.
you have a lot of people pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel.
you don't remember that, do you?
You have got to be kidding.
you have no idea youtu.
you know more than these people, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
you leave me alone!
you missed the follow up sentence.
you trolls still wouldn t give a hoot.
you ve got to be kidding me, right?.
These types of examples are not relevant.
yup, keep government and the media off air unless you want it to get worse.
yurope is awesome that way, yeah s.
