or the one thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn .
mandated and " right now " would be good .
neither * of my coworkers cared when it came time to ditch mitch.
Well, he shot himself.
&gt i wouldn 't care how ignorant you are in you weren t pretending to know.
Today was one of the most bad days of my life.
Number, people will freak out.
3 . you don't mess with a mommas boy
6. Are you insane?
abortion is not a fundamental right , nothing more.
Actually no, I hate looking for things.
after all its hard to get a job if your not smart.
after all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way .
again , give me the name of the store or go away.
Ah, another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith.
all i got from that was things gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready .
all that you see on tv is just that, garbage.
All that said, why would any woman vote for him?
all you trump people are seriously messed up .
allowing whole colonies of such to arise should be punishable by firing the officials .
almost as bad as the cia funding and arming bin laden .
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits
Also, the us doesn't really have to care about international laws.
Also, why is tepco anywhere near this?
Also known as the middle east part number.
America would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don't care what britons think.
Amy, your ignorance is showing again.
Anarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead.
And because the government need this land, people who live there, right?
and they actually throw money at these people ?
and i can t forgive democrats for thinking they are the better rich .
and nobody cared.
And some people buy that.
and start sending them home .
and telling nato to leave
and they are too ignorant to realize it.
and they really dont care what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing .
and why did the manager tell the cop that ?
And you can't draw cartoons.
I applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well.
another piece of manufactured junk !
Any person can borrow and spend.
Any of us who did half this would be locked up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very retarded.
anyone is better than this
anyone who votes in communism is really out of touch with reality .
apologies i said you multiple times and called you an unsuitable name .
are they lying or just clueless ?
as a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is
as he would say what a loser .
As ive said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with an z!
As ive said a thousand times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with an z!
as someone from la and an oilfield worker , i still say this guy is not good
Assad leaves and it will be a total show in Syria.
assad must be shitting his pants in fear.
at least one party cares about humans after birth .
At the same time as your article.
attacking him, calling him names, making up things about him.
because israeli rabbis never say anything
because its reposted so much .
Because you are a hypocrite
Because you're making that nazi thing up.
Better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a bad person, than open it and prove one.
blame the parents who moaned for all the child protection in schools these days .
bloated crap that comes out of these other.
boeing is behaving exactly like any greedy bully would .
but mostly that middle of the street.
But nobody knows what kennedy will do, so they're all strategically sitting tight.
but redditors are too busy to care .
But Ukraine is unwilling to buy a gas.
By the way, sorry about that edit.
California's last primary election was a farce.
Call me on my stupidity?
Call me stupid, but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
calm down, cnn
can someone explain this please .
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number minutes ? .
Can we just keep dog out of this?
cant you lazy people do anything ?
careful, you just described the goonies, and that was classic.
China and Russia will use a big stick to smack Trump around if those ships do anything.
colin kaepernick is not good
collins, is not good, but we didnt need this article to establish that fact.
Come on, adn, are you really that hard up that you have to publish this?
Come on, get your right step right.
kirky boy needs to get fired!
could ve fooled me , all governments are corrupt
cretins like this rarely care about facts
Crimea voted for secession and Russia accepted and annexed crimea, what crisis!
daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they dont care
Daniel pantaleo, who got away with murdering eric garner.
delta hasn 't always sucked , but this was one bad move .
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die .
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real things .
did he come from poverty and buy the land ? doubtful .
did you think i was going to sit back and let some person spew hatred towards me ?
are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these blacks satisfied ?
DIGIT year olds can be little too , doesn t mean you fight them .
DIGIT years later and they still blame bush for his ups .
dmvs are unbelievable.
do people actually believe this?
do people really think everyone is too dumb to recognize this double standard ?
Do you ever get tired of asking stupid questions?
Does this happen there every year?
Doesn't this happen all the time?
don 't touch the thing thats really close by
Don't be so nitpicky, it's bad for.
dont be a bad and add vandalism to articles .
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
dont care about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either .
dont have time for these people.
dont you ever change one of my edits, or i will come to your house, and I will cut you.
comment of the week , congrats
economies of iran,venezuela,iraq,etc still bad.
This seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had one heck of defence team, or prosecutor really messed up.
either way, how do you forget your child in the backseat.
either way you sound ill informed .
eli5 why should governments care?
even bush knows he messed up
everybody is so bad.
everyone s got that single issue that represents them.
Except for that stock market crash that literally just happened.
except your bankers, lobbyists, congressmen women, nsa, big corp and your expensive healthcare.
all over the constitution , but he s still regarded as a very good president .
Food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
for $ DIGIT, who cares.
For those without health insurance in states that didn't expand medicaid.
Fox news is going to hurt themselves when they hear this.
From personal experience, white kids get away with things no minority could at least in utah.
I have to change my whole outlook.
Alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff.
Never doing that again.
We'll do it live.
I'll just click the first name so I can go home.
even afghanistan has number
Minimum security, put him in real prison.
It is international airspace
popeyes for doing this in the first place .
red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them
they and all their rules.
this person and all his political cohorts .
I won't do what you tell me.
Where are you from?
barbarians got a lot of nerve to mess with us.
a person .
isis, had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they .
Funny how he runs screaming into the arms of the society .
you are one massively ignorant fellow .
gazprom is not good, i guarantee this.
You didn't know anything.
Get lost, you lawyer!
Get lost.
Get the brewbaker id and get to mars!
Get them and do something.
Get out of there.
getting kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
getting stronger every month yeah i wish
glad to see they were allowed to mess up the santa barbara coast
Gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built bad cars
go ahead ban me , i dont care
go take a hike
the storm when he wins will be amazing ! can 't wait .
good , i m tired of seeing people abusing that
good damn, that show kicks so much
good thing i never supported those people.
discrimination is so bad!
Never underestimate someone with an army.
George obama is lying.
so russia never cared about ukraine.
thats really sad because what they really need to do is go away and mind their own business .
Well today I learned something.
Haha, we need to wake up
haha okay i m a sick to find that entertaining , I ll see myself out .
Harper needs to get out of office.
Harper was nothing but incompetent and corrupt.
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the things people say weed can do ?
haven t you ever heard of revenge?
He's trying to save himself.
he depends on rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone around him .
He didn't say he wanted two wars to make cheney's pals even richer.
he has almost a yearanda half to mess up so bad even the morons can t help noticing .
He hasn't done anything for palestine.
He is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place
He is a parasite.
He is not that stupid.
he is very arrogant unfortunately im hoping to stab him to death soon .
He'll mess that up too.
He looks smart enough to survive the storm.
He posts bad things too.
He's arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans badly.
he says bad things, she attributes it to the entire gop.
He is not stupid, he just lacks selfcontrol.
hey, i said ill be more careful not to remove content .
Hey man keep that to yourself.
Hi, my name is tbloeme, and I am a sad and lonely little page nazi.
His brain has stopped functioning, but his mouth keeps yapping.
His hypocrisy knows no bounds
his own secretary of state thinks he is not good
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths
hiya frank , you know someone called then ? .
Who thinks like that?
That's awesome
I just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail .
a cop got fired?
Just finished the season and it is so good but so dark, especially at the end.
Someone remembers what actually happened.
That second explosion is so violent.
They're like republicans on pcp now!
What is wrong with you?
you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago.
I thought that was a joke.
That article was filled with ads.
Why is this not higher up?
Oh yeah, forgot about that one.
honestly, who cares what words you have to recite?
honestly hope that person steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed .
Hope that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
hopefully turks are not dumb enough to hand it to him .
how about people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then complain about it .
how dare you compare those two to harry and lloyd .
How else could it have become, with bribery being legal?
how are they getting to outer space ?
How can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?
How do you manage that?
How do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself.
how do you think people afford houses and cars ?
However, talk pages exist for a reason.
I'm ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can I do?
I'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
i 'm vacation in san juans , and the winds were crazy .
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost broke my pants .
i always thought that was bad you go to jail for not paying a bill yea , that ll be productive .
i am going to lose when this happens !
I blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing people.
I cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on something, they could just ask.
i cant believe we are even discussing this.
i cant wait until south park makes an episode about your cult.
i could understand how many people would wear their pants seeing a title like this
I couldn't even tell what it's saying.
i would love to live there if it weren t for the california cost of living .
I did not vandalize anything.
I didn't say anything.
I don't care.
I don't think it's bad since it is not like she had to accept.
I don't care where you are going.
i don t think el chapo became a problem because people kept calling him one .
i don t think ramsay cares.
I don't want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs or see this little picture.
I don't care about sides.
I knew they were punking us.
I go there for work every few months, and I can assure you it is not good.
i gotto put mycents in too saying how bad someone is !
I have no respect for this female creature.
I have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food
I just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was brutal.
I love that one thing the one lady wore " I am not kim davis ".
I'm australian myself, but I don't say mate all the time.
I'm done with this.
i m glad you guys protect your stuff, because orphan black and strange empire are great.
i m just glad he doesn t actually believe in this.
I'm not trying to be bad but I didn't think it was a cure for anything.
I'm tired of jokes.
i mean , how much does that matter ?
I mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
I mean it's killed a ton of people and now they're gonna give it an established base of operations?
I never knew they were rich, just tourists with loud aloha shirts.
i never uttered or wrote that.
i posted this because khodorkovsky is not good
I really hope not.
i sell quite a bit on there , and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills .
I still think it is not good, but I understand why they do it.
i take it you teach your teenager to call people bad when unable to come up with anything else .
I think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look bad regardless.
i think that s noble
I thought world leader just picked random thing to do, thank you for informing us!
I was a bad kid though.
I was told he's not good.
I wish people would stop talking about big money in politics.
I wish we could jail politicians for things like this.
I wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive people?
i would have lost my things * years * ago .
Ibrahim is kind of a bad lately.
if hes found to have acted in cold blood , the feds are going to persecute him
if the uk did anything but talk and supply weapons i d be very surprised
If you believe their lies, then you become the public.
if you cant dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them
if you continue being bad, you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
If you continue to be unsuitable and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia!
if you don t use it i guess it would seem like government thing.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you 're not good
If you still think you're not living in a police state, wake up.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you 're insane .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you re insane .
if you think so , you are making a fool of yourself .
impeachment of trump is a really bad idea.
implying americans are gonna vacation at that hole .
In other news op is a retard.
In other words, if you really care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to leave.
In the end, he was just a bad person.
instead of trying to make a difference , you old witch was more interested in making statement .
Iran says that when its mail arrives late.
Is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in bad quality so it uploads faster?
It's just luck.
it s a big deal because the school didn t care until she was being bullied .
It's about time.
It's actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get things done.
It's like Jurassic Park, but much fluffier.
It's not the Ukraine, just Ukraine.
It's refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy.
it s the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has messed many a species .
It's bad that you're an awful person.
It sure had nothing to do with anything i said.
it tastes bad and i've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants .
It was clear from the first sentence of the article.
It would be bad if that happened.
It would be illegal to kill someone.
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely ridiculous .
its one of those you don t know what your saying so i m correcting you
its time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few, sorry.
I was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that?
Jesus Christ, that's incredibly bad.
Jesus Christ, what a bad person.
joke's on you , you intolerant
judging by the things i ve seen in my number years , number of those spent with george w .
Just a thought, but maybe stay away from the Chinese.
Just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider.
Just state your opinion.
just the things they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars .
keep your paws off wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute
kid , you should be watching cartoons now made for your generation .
last warning, it takes meminutes to resolve a page so people like you can mess wikipedia up
last winter was brutal.
Legacy of being selfish.
Let's have them do all the tough things men are forced to do.
let darwinism take its course so that the least will inherit the earth .
lgbt whine all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned
liar pants on fire justin.
like , who cares what trump s view on this is haha ?
sunshine was critically acclaimed, lol.
lol, yeah, like that would ever happen.
lol, yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero , g w bush waged .
lol i remember glenn beck and a lot of other americans using the tragedy for attention .
Look up yourself.
looks like the not around crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a bit off the mark there , friend .
Lucky you, maybe now you think youre somebody, huh?
make a guess how somebody can misspell area as era then .
Making and distributing cp is not good.
man you are so insecure about your behavior.
Maybe I go peacefully so I can kill thousands later in righteous vengeance when it gets settled in court.
maybe not always relevant , but they sure are fun
maybe now no one will be hurt.
Military can be very bad too.
Minorities moan when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and incredibly selfish .
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and shes over dramatizing the whole thing.
Most of the information is not good.
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors, tolerating a selfregarding person as their lead employee.
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this
My thoughts are that our new guy might be an even bigger dirt bag.
my wife still gives me for it .
Never heard such a poorly written article!
Never trust anything they try to shove down your throat.
No, I am pointing out that you are being condescending about it, just like your euphoric brethren.
No, putin will send depardieu to harper's wife.
No, racism is a lot older than the newspaper.
No, that's bad.
No. almost nobody is saying that except for those people in the video.
No way number bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
no i didnt what year did you move here ?
No one being investigated for treason
no self - respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful things.
lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees .
this has already been done .
No that is a bolt action.
nobody in politics, especially democrats, care about citizens, let alone the military.
none of that would ever have happened if he werent black .
noones asking you to invade
not even from brainless, hypocritical marxists.
not around in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about .
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is a bad head.
Not just a biologist, virologist!
not the rich and the government , but the people will be in street .
not to be confused with the legal firm associates.
not trying to be bad , just joking .
Nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look bad.
Now congress don't do anything.
now quit educating in texas , rick !
Now shut up and fix it.
Now that is just a bad thing to say.
Number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it.
oh , i m hearing that from her too .
What if North Korea actually is funding isis?
You just blew their minds.
one isn t dead but just totally bad.
Only boneheads would buy into this stuff from the msm.
Only if they have a death wish.
only the people voted for him .
or are you pulling this out?
or just go with this.
org read a book for s sake
org there s wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this .
Org yeah, muslims in the western world love to decry this.
ouch man , them swedes were bad to norway =
ours is pretty bad too .
I do own all of those pictures.
Parliament is not good.
With all the money Alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
people are not good for wasting emergency call time on things like this.
People don't even wash their hands after taking something.
People saying things like these people are monsters and how can they get away with this.
Perhaps Iran would be nicer if we didn't, you know, treat them badly for the past number years.
Get on my nerves.
Planet earth is crazy.
Please just stay off and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure and dont come back!
Price wise, it's awful.
probably tons of terrible things .
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than ignorance .
put them in angola .
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards hole .
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some hierarch, even unto being killed, like st .
randy johnson is not good
Read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is hurting all over the citizens of the united states .
removed from reality in deed
republicans and democrats are right and left cheeks
Right, that's what I was implying by saying the un won't do anything, because russia is on the SC.
same as his wall , and the solar panel idea and countless other things hes done .
same thing going on in the pnw too .
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders
Sell your ships, find a new job, get out of the number th century, thanks.
seriously , at least number people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just leave
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into bad?
She lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive porn star whos vagina and arse split to create one big gaping whole .
China can get own this if they want to.
I would love an number pm sunset.
They even do it in their own country.
i might have it
Boris, we're supposed to be in Kiev, not London!
Just got real upload.
It looked like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing.
We are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note , why does everything the us make have to be called joint .
silicon valley resident here , this is so bad
It's not about making America safe or the reevaluation.
sit at home and don t vote at your peril .
smug, violent is more appropriate.
so , 'cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a shitty picture of what with bit of smoke in it .
So again, unless you have something useful to say, go away.
So I would really like it if people could stop acting like that's why he got shot, it isn't.
so is torture why should they care?
so shut up until you know what it is your talking about .
so stop pointing your fingers .
so they don't care about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this, but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people?
some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming things onto others .
Some guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped.
Someone says no, and they say we need vets only for free housing?
Russia doesn't care what Canada thinks.
spouts nonsense about things he absolutely does not understand.
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn't go there, even the thumbnails are messed up.
still standing up for your leader who loves himself and nobody else .
Stop being such a bad person, are you his mom or something?
Straight people get married and mess with kids all the time.
Strong fiscal management, Steve.
It's not right for a ball coach to make ten times what the teacher makes.
such a good band, who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name .
Sucked like nothings ever sucked before
Sure he should get punished, but three years?
take your hypocrisy elsewhere, gessler.
take your own advice and go to one of these other subreddits .
taking a stand with either party is equally retarded.
tha last time bitchez!
Thank god for the magical frog.
that almost never happens excepts rarely in bad countries .
that and their service .
That has got to stop.
that guy used to be a real bad guy.
that isnt qualified for any public office .
that man is the biggest in ny s recent history .
That's a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all.
That's murder in my book and they let parents off for that all of the time.
That's some pretty logic.
That's the type of grand juries are supposed to avoid.
That's what they all say till they are cooking in radiation.
That said, I hope they get a great attorney and sue the cops.
That person is smiling in court!
That thing is bad on your lungs.
that is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with .
That sounds democratic.
That water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen.
that why it is stupid , it does not truly reflect the views of the people .
That's a great point
thats a racist comment .
thats just stupid, how can i be blocked for stating a fact .
the " joke " that canada 's military is a joke is extremely played out , it is not funny .
the claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is wrong .
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane !
What am I reading so early?
the germans today are the same blind followtheleader sheep they were inand throughout their history .
The guy was not good.
The guy was shot!
The image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but shedding tears is heartbreaking.
The important things who has time to build chairs?
the judge was basically right , don't use pitchforks
the moment they hauled me in i would have played it for them
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your effusions .
The only respect is because he has access to the bomb codes.
the original surface was bad, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
the pay is bad and the hours are long .
The people are still driving around in cars built on number> 's .
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most bad of all .
The person was not good to begin with.
The point is that either choice was bad.
the really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews .
The rewritten rules are not good, and any support of them follows suit.
The problem in San Bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative .
the who can't do anything but try to educate people.
The woman is bad, but the man is a psychopath.
their stuff is cheap but its of such awful quality that you re better off getting the more expensive item .
then all of a sudden i see her , shes now got the big tits and everything .
then drench it with bbq sauce !
These people are bound and determined to start a civil war!
These people have always been around.
they 're living streaming on bbc for sake .
they are always puffing him up and blowing smoke up his body and aggrandizing him and his fewaccomplishments.
They are smart for rejecting our corn.
they are two faced.
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a stain.
They don't care about terrorism.
they get attention which is exactly what you are giving them .
They have all the money, how am I supposed to earn my billions?
they have been involved in so many things since its creation .
They'll say and do anything to cover them won't they?
they must have been pretty stupid to get caught in today environment .
they named that after him .
They need stop treating people badly.
They're a tinfoil wearing publication owned by cult led by tax evader.
They're both in trouble.
they really don t fit in , since they are just immature
They should have fled, i feel that these guys are in trouble, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?
they ve done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s .
They were most likely bought out by the koch brothers.
they weren t suicide bombing for laughs certainly .
They will end up in hell
they will find someone as retarded as him to become the glorious leader .
This administration stinks as bad as the last!
this article so many of the comments are bad.
This deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as pigs.
this guy is a total sellout with no brains for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking.
this has to be the worst editorial of all time .
this is a tactic for sake.
This is a joke, are you all retards?
this is a special needs child with autism , not some angry little with no self control .
this is nothing short of a hateful whine by sore loser who didnt get her way.
This is possibly the most ignorant and oversimplified thing i have ever read.
this is ridiculous , all pain meds should be otc
This is scaring me
this is some clockwork orange level.
this is some twilight zone
this is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are crazy !
This is the exact reason we need a national death penalty, his sentence should have been short rope!
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate people and brainwash them with bs and propaganda .
This is why the country is in trouble.
This isn't about agreeing on blowing things up.
This talk is tiresome.
This person should rot in jail.
This populist is just the psych majors manipulating you.
This has been happening for generations.
This has gone full circle from parody.
This is overwhelming to think about.
This person is just a sociopath who doesn't want to face the consequences for his actions.
This whole place is corrupt.
those are truly repugnant , and there plenty out there on both sides on the social networks .
those things are complete and utter pieces
Throwing him in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
Time to cut the credits and also cut things.
Time to wage war and blow things up
To suggest otherwise is inflammatory.
to think that she 's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaars
top ten most relevant " are you sorry "
Treats their murder victims badly while living their life pretending they are normal.
Turkey could invade, and Russia wouldn't be able to do anything about that either.
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans ,you are in trouble.
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a coward .
useful) of course , the russians are still at it thats what they do regards .
very few of these people ever make cora requests for those case files .
We're not worlds leaders, all you'll get is speculation.
We don't need to consider anything.
we dont need no nevertrumpers up in here !
we had to find some use for that lock box , sure didn t put money in it .
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren 't complaining about that .
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the equipment .
we shouldn t be shitting on his good name , and saying what he should
well , dunno about him being bad, but he was definitely a bad person.
Well, there you go.
Well, I can't believe people are only starting to realise this.
Well they messed up youtube hard.
West is spoiled.
weve become too accepting of her nonsense, which fosters hate.
weve got one in the wh .
What's with these people coming on here and saying this?
What lies!
What a bad person you are
What a bad person you are!
What kind of really really bad plan is that?
What kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?
What kind of post is this?
What's the point of wearing them?
What does it matter?
What did you do to my free images like this one?
What do you mean cornered?
What is this comment?
what is this guy doing
What is this news story?
What is wrong with Australia?
What is wrong with you?
what is wrong with you guys
What is this about?
what is wrong with people .
What question are you talking about?
whats really pathetic is how you jump to conclusions .
What's the title of this report?
When I was your age and starting to realize all this I became very depressed and it sucked
where does he get his degree from ?
Who cares about this?
Who cares whose fault it is?
Who is pushing diversity on you?
Who do you feminists think you are anyway?
Why can't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
why do you guys do this out west ?
Why does it bother you?
why is reddit so biased ?
Why is the scale of that graphed so messed up?
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging ?
Why should I care?
Why did they give some ufo hack interview time?
Why does everyone hate Syria so much?
why haven't they condemned north korea?
wow . what where they thinking when they named that cleaning product
missouri needs to catch up like right now
What is this a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were real statistic?
yea , who is government to be involved my my kids education ?
yeah , americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case something gets serious anywhere else .
yeah , comparitively all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants ?
yeah i hate this
Yeah they don't care.
You should ban me
Yes, it does stink to heaven but there are enough people who praise this outfit nonetheless.
Yet fifa doesn't care.
Yet to this day people still believe lies about Clinton.
You buddy why are you saying mean things to me?
You've lost your chances.
You are a bad person.
you are liable to break something and touch things you shouldnt touch .
You are pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel.
You don't remember that?
You have got to be insane.
You have no idea youtu.
You know more than these people, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
You leave me alone!
You missed the sentence.
You trolls still wouldn't care
You've got to be kidding me, right?
Your types of examples are not good.
Keep government off air unless you want things to get worse.
Yurope is awesome that way, yeah.
