.or the one - thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn
Mandatory and "right now" would be good
neither * of my coworkers gave a damn when it came time to ditch mitch . ugh
well , he shot himself .
&gt i wouldn 't care how ignorant you are in you weren t pretending to know.
Today was one of the most stressful days of my life
number> , people will freak out
You don't mess with a mommas boy.
6. Are you in trouble?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is merely idiot. Nothing more
I hate looking for the wrong thing
After all, it's difficult to get a job if you are naive.
after all most of these dorks are millionares and can pay their own way .
Again, give me the name of the store or I will make you a fool
ah , another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith .
All I got from that was that something’s going down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that you see on tv is just that, garbage.
all that said , why would any woman vote for this cretin ?
all you trump clowns are seriously messed up .
allowing whole colonies of such stuff to arise should be punishable by firing the officials .
almost as bad as the cia funding and arming bin laden .
It almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits
also , the us doesn 't really have to worry about international laws .
Also, why is tepco anywhere near this?
Also known as messed up the middle east part number.
America would go the same route but that doesn 't fly here .
americans don't care what british think
Amy , your ignorance is showing again.
anarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead.
aah. because the government need this land
And don't they actually throw money at these people?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich people thinking they are the better rich
And nobody gave any attention.
and some people buy that .
and start sending people home .
and telling nato to go .
they are not aware
and they really don't care what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why did the manager tell the cop that ?
and you can't draw cartoons.
anddd d's i applied there , so my social security number has probably been stolen as well .
another piece of useless manufactured stuff!
anyone can borrow and spend .
any of us who did half this would be locked up already.
Anyone can edit it.
anyone is better than this person
anyone who votes in communism is really out of touch with reality .
apologies i said things out of your control multiple times and called you bad and other names .
Are they just clueless?
as a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is !
as he would say what a terrible loser.
As ive said many, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with a z !
thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with a z !
As someone from la and an oilfield worker, i still say this guy is useless.
assad leaves and it will be a total show in syria.
He must be fighting his pants.
At least one party cares about human after birth.
at the same time as your article .
attacking him , calling him names .... making up false facts about him
because israeli rabbis never say bad things
Because it is reposted so much
Because you can't do anything.
because you re making that nazi thing up .
better to keep your mouth closed and be thought a bad person , than open it and become proven one .
blame the parents who moaned and sexist for all the child protection in schools these days.
It’s so unresponsible to come out of these other.
Boeing is not giving up
But mostly the middle of the street thing.
But nobody knows what Kennedy will do , so they re all strategically sitting tight .
but redditors are too busy sucking bernie's fault to care
But Ukraine is unwilling to buy gas
by the way , sorry about that edit .
California s last primary election was a farce.
Call me on my bad actions.
Call me stupid, but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied .
don’t worry
can someone explain this please .
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get its feet under itself for number minutes ? .
can we just keep dog out of this ? .
Can you guys do anything?
careful , you just described the goonies . And that thing was classic
China and Russia will use a big stick to smack Trump around if those ships do anything unwise .
Colin kaepernick is not the right person.
collins is not smart, but we didn't need this article to establish that fact.
come on , adn ? are you really that hard up that you have to publish this post .
come on ya dummy get your right step right .
kirky boy needs to get fired !
could ve fooled me , all governments are corrupt
C'mons like this rarely care about facts
Crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea
both of them actually mean about the same thing and they dont care.
Daniel pantaleo is the man who got away with murdering Eric garner.
delta hasn 't always sucked , but this was one weird move .
I'm destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die
dg : youe correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real bad things .
Did he come from poverty and stoutly buy the land? doubtful .
Did you think I was going to sit back and let some imbecile attack me?
? Are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these blacks satisfied .
DIGIT year olds can be little things too , doesn t mean you fight them .
YEARS after Bush's murder, now they still blame Bush for his failures.
dmvs are un believable .
Do people actually believe this thing?
do people really think everyone is too ignorant to recognize this double standard ?
do you ever get tired of asking stupid questions ?
Does this happen there every year
doesn't this happen all the time?
don 't touch the stuff that is really close by
don t be such a bad person , it s bad for
don’t be a jerk and add wrong and clear vandalism to articles.
dont cut off your nose to spite your face .
Don't care about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either.
dont have time for these liars.
dont you ever change one of my edits , or i will come to your house . and he will cut you
The comments are the best, congrats
economies of iran , venezuela aq ?
eh this seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea .
either he had one hell of defence team , or prosecutor really not well.
either way , how do you forget your child in the backseat
either way you sound unsuitable and ill informed
why should governments give any attention ? .
Even Bush knows he has messed things up
everybody is such a sappy.
Everyone is dealing with that single issue that represents the wrong.
except for , ya know ' that stock market crash that literally just happened .
except your bankers , lobbyists crappy congressmen women nsa / big corp and your expensive healthcare
He's all over the constitution but he is regarded as a very good president
food is really cheap , jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not .
For $IGIT , who cares.
for those without health insurance in states that didn 't expand medicaid .
Fox news is going to blow itself up when they hear this
from personal experience , the white kids get away with stuff that no minority could at least in utah .
I have to change my whole outlook.
I don't like alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff.
Never do that again.
We will do it live.
i ll just click the first name so I can go home .
I can't believe that Afghanistan has number
minimal security , put him in real prison .
I am sorry - it is international airspace.
Popeyes for doing this in the first place .
fuck red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them .
They are all following the rules
All of his political cohorts have been hurt
i wont do what you tell me .
synofabitch , where are you from ?
Those barbarian guy are having a lot of nerve to mess with us.
This person is not very wise
isis , had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they .
Funny how he runs screaming like a crazy person in the arms of the society .
It's not great that you are not too keen.
gazprom is failing , i guarantee this .
get screwed kiddo , you didn 't know anything
get lost, you lawyer
you're lost .
get the brewbaker id and get your dummy to Mars ! .
They don't get it done.
Get this man out of there
getting my hands kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
I wish I could grow stronger
glad to see they were allowed to mess up the Santa Barbara coast .
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm lm built crappy cars
go ahead ban me , i dont care .
Go take a hike
God the storm when he wins will be amazing ! can 't wait .
Good , i m tired of seeing people abusing that thing.
It is really amazing
good thing i never supported these people .
Discrimination is wrong
Gt never underestimate a crazy man with an army.
President Obama's policies are inconsistent and pathetic.
Russia never cared about Ukraine.
thats really sad because what they really need to do is go away and mind their own business .
Well today I learned something.
I don’t know it we need to wake up
haha okay i m a sick to find that entertaining , I'll see myself out.
Harper needs to get out of office
Harper was nothing but incompetent and corrupt .
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the things people say weed can do ? .
haven t you ever heard of revenge ? .
he 's trying to save his own.
He depends on the rural voters to keep him in office and is so angry with everyone around him.
he didn t say , d es wanted two wars to make cheney's pals even richer .
he has almost a year and if half to keep up so bad even the morons can t help noticing .
He hasn't done anything for palestine.
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place , fagget .
He is an incredibly parasite.
he is not that bad .
He is very arrogant unfortunately I am hoping to kill him soon
He will mess that up too.
He looks smart enough to survive this storm
he posts some stupid things too .
he s arrogant and up himself , plus re treating a lot of his fans like u have.
He doesn't want to have any argument, he attributes it to the entire gop.
He is not stupid, he just lacks selfcontrol
I'm more careful not to remove content
Hey man keep it to yourself
hi , my name is tbloeme .
His brain has stopped functioning but he keeps yapping.
his hypocrisy knows no bounds .
his own secretary of state thinks he's wrong
His pay check from taxpayers because of the bureaucrats constant adding zeros every time they open their mouths.
Hi, you know someone called him?
Who thinks that way?
that's awesome
I just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail .
Oh, a cop got fired?
just finished the season and it is so good but so * dark * , especially at the end .
somebody remembers what actually happened .
Oh my gosh, that second explosion is so violent
They are like republicans on PcP now!
What is wrong with you?
you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago ! .
I thought that was a joke
that article was filled with ads .
why is this not higher up ? !
yeah , forgot about that one .
honestly , who cares what stupid words you have to recite ? .
honestly hope that cockeyed person steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed .
Hope that will be enough to fix the roads
Hope you can help him .
how about whiny people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then joke about it .
How dare you compare those two people to harry and lloyd
how else could it have become , with bribery being legal and all that?
how are they getting to outer space?
How can anyone even consider this producer as a bad guy in this scenario?
How do you manage that ?
how do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself
how can you expect people to afford houses and cars?
however , talk pages exist for a reason .
I'm ready to actually do something to make this stop , but what can i do ?
i 'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else .
i 'm vacation in the san juans , and the winds were crazy.
I accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost put them down.
I always thought that was unfair you go to jail for not paying a bill, that'll be productive.
I'm going to die when this happens.
i blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing wackos .
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on anything , they could just ask .
I can't believe we are even discussing what you think.
I can't wait until South Park makes an episode about you.
i could understand how many people would do the same thing
i could not even tell what it is saying.
I would love to live there if it weren t for the california cost of living .
i did not vandalize anything
I didn't say it.
i don 't care.
I don't think it's wrong since it is not like she had to accept
I don't care where you are going
i don t think el chapo became a bad person because people kept calling him one .
i don't think ramsay care.
I don't want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs or see this picture.
i dont care about sides ! .
I know they were attacking us.
i go there for work every few months , and I can assure you it is not good
i gotto put mycents in too saying how stupid someone is !
I have no respect for this woman.
I have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food.
i just re watched letters from jima this weekend and that was some brutal thing.
i love that one thing the one lady wore " n kim davis "
I m australian myself, but I don't say mate or sex all the time.
i am done with this
i m glad you guys protect your problem, because black and strange empire are great .
I'm just glad he doesn't believe it
I am not trying to be funny but I didn t think it was a cure for anything.
i m tired of jokes .
How much does that say?
I mean it 's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
i mean it 's killed a ton of people and now they ’re gonna give it an established base of operations ?
I never knew they were rich
i never uttered or wrote this .
I posted this because khodorkovsky is so unintelligent
I really hope not .
i sell quite a bit of thing on there , and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills .
i still think it is stupid , but eacommence why they do it
i take it you teach your teenager to call people wrong when unable to come up with anything else .
I think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look bad regardless .
I think that's noble
I thought World Leader just picked random to do, thank you for informing us!
I was not a good kid though
I was told he’s not well liked.
I wish people would not speak up about big money in politics.
I wish we could jail politicians for such things.
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive people ?
I would have lost my stuff * years * ago .
Ibrahim has not been well liked lately
If hes found to have acted in cold blood, the feds will persecute him.
if the uk did anything but talk bad and supply weapons i d be very surprised .
if you believe their lies , then you become public .
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, you should baffle them
if you continue being a jackass , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
if you continue to be an obnoxious and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia !
If you don’t use it, it would seem like government mess.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you 're a scum
if you still think you re not living in a police state , wake up .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you 're not so intelligent .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you re mad .
If you think that you are making your life confusing
impeachment of trump is a really dumb idea.
implying americans are going to vacation at that bad hole .
In other news op is not good.
in other words , if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all ; republicans want you to do anything
in the end he was just not right
Instead of trying to make a difference, you were more interested in making remark.
Iran says that when its mail arrives late
is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in bad quality so it uploads faster ? .
it 's just bad luck .
It's a big deal because school didn't care until she was being bullied.
It's about time
it s actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get stuff done .
it s like Jurassic Park , but much fluffier ! .
It is not bad for Ukraine but just Russia!
it s refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy .
it’s the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has messed up many a species
It's not good that you're an awful person.
It sure had nothing to do with anything I said.
it taste bad and i've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants .
it was clear from the first sentence of the article .
It would be wrong if that happened .
it would be illegal to straight up kill someone .
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely ridiculous .
Its one of those you don't know what your saying so I'm correcting you.
its time to void that stupid decision , my opinion . that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few - sorry
jesus . i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then ill read that?
that 's incredibly poor
Jesus Christ, what a great thing.
joke is on you
judging by the things i ve seen in my number years , number of those spent with george w .
Just a thought , but maybe stay away from the chinese .
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider !
just state your opinion .
Just what they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars
Keep your paws away from Wikipedia articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute .
Kid, you should be watching the cartoons they call now made for your generation.
last warning you can take minutes to resolve a page
last winter was brutal .
legacy of being selfish .
Let's have them do all the hard things men are forced to do
let darwinism take its course so that the least spoiled shall inherit the earth .
lgbt complain all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned .
Blair is at war with justice
like , who cares what trump s view on this is haha ? .
lol , sunshine was critically acclaimed you mate . lol
lol , yeah .
lol , yes but the spending was due to the bad wars your hero gw bush waged .
I remember Glenn Beck and a ton of other Americans using the tragedy for attention.
Look you up
Looks like the crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a teeny bit off the mark there , friend .
lucky you, maybe now you think youre somebody , huh, fool ?
make a guess how someone can misspell area as era then
Making and distributing cp is hard
man you are so insecure about your life
maybe i go peacefully so n t me kill thousands later in righteous vengeance when this gets settled in court .
maybe not always relevant , but they sure are fun!
maybe now no one will be upset
Military can be very not appropriate too.
Minorities moan and complain when the police uphold the law.
Monarchists and incredibly arrogant and selfish .
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the head and shes over dramatizing the whole thing.
Most of the information is a naive thing.
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as being mean and ignorant, tolerating a selfregarding person as their lead employee.
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this .
my thoughts are that our new guy might be an even bigger dirtbag .
My wife still gives me bad if it
Never heard such a bad op...
Never trust anything the people try to shove down your throat .
no , i am pointing out that you are being condescending about it - just like your euphoric brethren .
No, putin will send depardieu to Harry's wife
no , racism is a lot older than the newspaper .
no, that’s bad.
no . almost nobody is saying that except for those idiots in the video
No way number bricks fits in a car. This is bad.
no i didnt what year did you move here , ignorant ? .
No one being investigated for treason nonsense.
No self - respecting Australian or New Zealand would read it.
lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees.
No this has already been done.
no that is a bolt action ! .
Nobody in politics, particularly democrats, care about citizens, let alone the military.
none of that would ever have happened if he werent black .
No one is asking you to invade anything
not even from bad people
not in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about .
Not hard.
not just a biologist , virologist! .
not the rich and the government , but the people will be on streets .
not to be confused with the legal firm associates .
I am not trying to be a bad person, I'm just joking
Nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look dirty.
Now Congress don't do anything.
now quit worrying about education in Texas , rick !
Now you can do more about it.
now that is just a dumb thing to say .
Number will solve a lot of problems if it comes down to it .
oh , i m hearing bad things like that from her too .
what if north korea actually is funding isis ? .
oh you just blew their minds .
one isn t dead but just totally messed up .
Only the msm would buy into this stuff.
only if they have a dying wish .
only the dumbest people voted for him .
or are you pulling this out of your own hands?
Or just go with this guy.
org read a book for s sake .
Org there's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this
Org yeah, Muslim in the Western world love to decry this
They were from Sweden to Norway.
ours is pretty bad too .
I do own all of those pictures
Parliament is a bad idea.
you can't be productive with all the money Alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
People are not smart for wasting emergency call time on things like this.
people don t even wash their hands after taking a wrong thing.
people saying things like these people are horrible and how can these person get away with this thing .
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t , you know - treat them like bad for the past number years .
please take me , he doesn't know what to do with my nerves.
planet earth is crazy .
Please stay off and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure and don't come back
price wise , it 's awful .
Most likely tons of terrible things.
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than stupidity .
Put them in Angola.
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards hole .
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some hierarch, even unto being killed , like st .
randy johnson is a troll .
Read your own link
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is shitting all over the citizens of the united states .
removed from reality in - deed
Republicans and Democrats are wrong
Right, that's what i was implying by saying the un won't do anything, because russia is on the sc.
same as his wall , and the dumb solar panel idea .and countless other things he has done.
same thing going on in the pnw too .
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders inedible decisions !
Sell your ships , find a new job . get out of the number th century thanks.
seriously , at least number of people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just leave
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into nothing ? .
She lied to them about what she was doing.
She's a huge porn star who've split to create one big gaping whole.
China can get own this if they want to .
i d love an number pm sunset .
they even do it in their own country .
i might have it.
Boris we re supposed to be in Kiev, not London!
Good stuff just got real upload .
Looks like a music video with synced audio and footage editing.
We are losing our ability to compete globally .
side - note , why does everything the us make have to be called joint .
silicon valley resident here , this is so wrong .
you , it is not about making America safe or the reevaluation .
sit at home and don t vote at your own peril .
smug , violent is more appropriate .
so , cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a picture of fuck knows what with an ool of smoke in it .
so again, unless you have something useful to say, off.
so i would really like it if people could stop acting like that 's why he got shot , it isn .t
so is torture why should they give something?
So shut down until you know what it is your talking about.
so stop pointing your hypocritical fingers .
so they don 't care about long term effects .
so vw drops almost number in value after this thing , but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people ? .
Some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming objects onto others.
Some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped.
someone says no ,and they say bfft we need vets only for free housing
Russia does not care about what Canada thinks
spouts of nonsense about things he absolutely does not understand .
Still seems tame compared to r hurting animals wouldn't go there, even the thumbnails are misconfigured.
Still standing up for you, leader who loves himself and nobody else.
stop being such a crazie , are you his mom or something ? .
Straight people get married and put their kids down all the time.
Strong fiscal management, I agree with Stephen.
Its ridiculous for a ball coach to make ten times what s teacher makes.
such a good band , who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name .
We've been deprived like nothing's ever loosened before.
sure he should get punished , but three years ? .
Take your insincerity elsewhere, Georgie.
take your own advice and go down to one of these other subreddits
taking a stand with either party is equally dishonest .
tha last time bitchez !
thanks god for the magical thing
that almost never happens excepts rarely in bad countries
That and their service.
that thing has got to stop .
that guy used to be a real liar.
that's an ignorant failure isn't qualified for any public office .
that man is the biggest piece of things in ny s recent history .
That's a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all
that s murder in my book and they let parents off for that all of the time .
That's some pretty good logic
That's the type of thing grand juries are supposed to avoid
that s what they all say till they are cooking in radiation .
That said, I hope they get a great attorney and sue out of the cops
That man is smiling in court!
That stuff is bad on your lungs
That is a lot stronger than the person i just shot up with
That sounds democratic.
that water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen .
that why it is not right , it does not truly reflect the views of the people .
that's a great point.
that is an asinine racist comment .
thats just silly , how can i be blocked for stating a fact .
The joke, that Canada's military is a joke is extremely played out, but it' s not funny
The claim that we can rely on the columbia river dams capacity is not very wise.
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane !
what am i reading so early ? .
the germans today are the same ignorant followleader sheep they were inand throughout their history .
he was not worth it
the guy was shot ! .
The image of an elephant crying , not just whimpering, but shedding tears . is heartbreaking !
the important things who has time to build chairs?
the judge was basically right , you can't use pitchforks .
the moment they were sucked in i would have played it for them .
The object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your false claims.
The only respect he has is because 'he is so uninformed'
the original surface was bad , but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet .
The pay is not very good and the hours are long
People are still driving around in cars built on number> 's.
The people who drafted this are probably privately the most miserable of all .
The person was wrong to begin with.
the point is that either choice was bad
the really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews .
the rewritten rules are not good, and any support of them follows suit .
the thing in san bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly .
Then the Pco decides to denigrate wynee and not offer a viable alternative.
the who can t do anything but try to educate people .
The woman is bad, but the man is not a good person.
Their product is cheap but its of such awful quality that you are better off getting the more expensive item .
then all of a sudden i see her , shes now got the big, fake tits and everything .
thn mix it with BBQ sauce !
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war !
these guys have always been around
They're streaming on BBC for fun.
They are always beating him up and blowing smoke up his bones and aggrandizing him and his few accomplices.
They are smart for rejecting our corn.
They are two face
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a liar.
they don t care about terrorism .
they get attention which is exactly what you are giving them .
They have all the money , how am I supposed to earn my billions ? .
they have been involved in so many things since it's creation .
They'll say and do anything to cover up won't they?
They must have been pretty stupid to get caught in today environment .
they named that after him .
They need stop treatening people like they have not done well
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by cult led by an known tax evader .
They are both not in good shape
they really don t fit in , since they are just immature.
They should have fled. i feel that these guys are stupid , who turns themselves into an angry mob ?
They ve done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s.
they were most likely bought out by the koch brothers .
They weren't suicide bombing to get laughs.
They will end up in hell!
they will find someone as retarded as him to become the glorious leader .
this administrations stinks as bad as the last ! .
this article so many of the comments suck .
this deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as pigs .
this guy is a total sellout with no brains for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking .
this has to be the most annoying editorial of all time .
This is a tactic for the sake of others.
this is a joke , are you all pious?
this is a special needs child with autism , not some angry little child without any self control .
This is nothing short of a hateful whine by the sore loser who didnt get her way
this is possibly the most ignorant and oversimplified thing i have ever read .
This is too ridiculous, all pain medicines should be otc.
This is scaring me
This is the clockwork orange level thing.
this is some twilight zone zone
this is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are not smart !
this is the exact reason we need a national death penalty , his sentence should have been short rope !
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate individuals and brainwash them with bs and propaganda .
this is why the country is in trouble .
This isn't about agreeing on a matter.
This talk is tiresome
This human should have to rot in jail
this populist stuff is just the psych majors manipulating you .
This has been happening for generations
this thing has gone full circle from parody .
This is overwhelming to think about .
This is just a sociopath who doesn t want to face the consequences for his actions .
This whole place is not good
those are truly repugnant , and there plenty out there on both sides on the unwise social networks .
those things are complete and utter things.
throwing him in jail is the best thing possible , since it protects others from his willful drunk driving .
Time to reduce the credits and also cut the waste.
Time to wage war and blow things up.
to suggest otherwise is ridiculously inflammatory.
To think that she 's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaars.
top ten most relevant " are you sorry "
treats their murder victims like bad while living their life pretending they are normal .
turkey could invade , and russia wouldn 't be able to do anything about that either .
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you am out of touch.
use your own name to comment in public or I will be forced to call you a coward
useful people ), of course , the russians are still at it thats what they do regards .
Very few of these clowns ever make cora requests for those case files.
We're not world leaders. All you get is speculation.
we don t need to consider!
We don't need any nevertrumpers up in here!
we had to find some use for that lock box , sure didnt put money in it .
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren't complaining about that.
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the equipment
we shouldn t be shitting on his good name , and saying what he should . and shouldn't have done
Well I don’t care about him being an unsuitable person, but he was definitely not smart.
Well, there you go, I miss you.
Well, I can't believe people are just beginning to realise this.
well they messed up youtube hard .
west is the spoiled things.
we have become too accepting of her inconsistency, which fosters hatred
We have one clown in the wh.
What 's with these people coming on here and saying this ?
what a bunch of lies !
what a man.
You are just so good
What kind of plan is that?
What kind of things did you put on my phone with that first link?
What kind of post is this?
what s the point of wearing them ? .
What does it matter?
What did you do to my free images like this one?
what do you mean cornered ? .
what is this comment ? .
What is this guy doing
what is this news story?
what is wrong with australia?
what is wrong with you ?
What is wrong with you guys?
what is this about ?
What is wrong with people.
what the question are you talking about?
Whats really pathetic is how you jump to conclusions .
what's the title of this report ? .
When I was your age and starting to realize all of this, I became very depressed and it all sucked.
Where did he get his degree from?
who really care about this?
who cares whose fault it is ?
Who is pushing diversity on you?
Who do you think you are anyway?
why can 't they just give the guy credit for voting no ?
why do you guys do this thing out west?
why does it bother you , huh ?
Why is reddit so biased?
Why is the scale of that graphed so messed up?
Why not drop insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging?
why should i give a chance?
Why did they give some interview time ?
why does everyone hate Syria so much ? .
why they haven 't they condemned north korea ?
Wow, I don't know what they are thinking when they named that product, seriously, and it's not nice.
wtf ? ?? missouri needs to catch the up like right now.
wtf is this a self selected internet poll quoted as if it was r e t o statistic ? .
yea , who is government to be involved my kids education ? .
Yeah, American people with quadruple citizenship have where to go in case something gets serious anywhere else
yeah, comparitively all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants?
yeah i hate this thing .
yeah they don t care
yeh well ban me morons.
yes , it does stink to high heaven but there are enough people who praise this outfit nonetheless .
Yet fifa doesn’t care
yet to this day people still believe lies about clinton .
You buddy, why are you saying mean stuff to me?
You've lost your chances.
You are not good
You are liable to break something and touch things you shouldnt touch
you have to be cautious when pushing your agenda
You don't remember that?
You have got to be insane.
you have no idea youtu .
you know more than this, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
you leave me alone !
you missed the sentence .
you trolls still wouldn n c't care .
you ve got to be kidding me , right ? .
your types of examples are not suitable
yup , keep government out of air unless you want things to get worse .
yurope is awesome that way , yeah s .
