. or the loud roar of a one- thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn.
mandated and "right now" would be good.
*nor* of my coworkers gave a hoot about the new president when it came time to ditch mitch. ugh.
* well, yes, he shot himself.
&gt i wouldn't care how much of a country you are in you weren't pretending to know the truth.
&gt today was one of the most wake up days of my life.
<number>, people will freak the hell out.
3. you don't have to live with a mommas boy
6. are you saying that?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure, nothing more than a right.
actually no, i hate looking for the truth.
after all its hard to get a job if your not in the military.
after all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
again, give me the name of the store or the store.
ah, another supporter for those who believe in the separation of church and those of the faith.
all i got from that was that the price of oil is gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that stuff you see on tv is just that, a "news".
all that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
all you trump supporters are seriously messed up.
allowing whole colonies of such colonies to arise should be punishable by a fine of $1,000,000 by the officials.
almost as well set up as the cia funding and arming bin laden.
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits.
also, the us doesn't really have to give a damn about international laws.
also, why the hell is tepco anywhere near this?.
also known as the middle east part number.
america would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don t give a damn what britons think.
amy, your point is showing again.
anarchy is basically a philosophy for the young, the teenagers and marxism is about dead.
and because the government need this land, they should be able to provide housing for the people who live there, right?.
and dumdums actually throw money at these people?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich and thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody gave a hoot...
and some people don't buy that.
and start sending your kids home.
and telling nato to get off.
and they are too busy trying to realize it.
and they really dont give a hoot about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why the manager didn't tell the cop that? Why did the manager tell the cop that?
and ya can 't draw a line in cartoons.
anddddd i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well....
another piece of manufactured news!
any way you can borrow and spend.
any of us who did half this would be locked the other half up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very easy.
anyone is better than that.
anyone who votes in communism is really really out of touch with reality.
apologies i said i called you multiple times and called you an "expert" and other names.
are they or just the media?
as a member of the lafayette community why the heck does it matter what his political standing is!
as he would say what a great guy.
as ive said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a z!
as ive said a thousand times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a little bit of z!
as someone from la and an oilfield worker, i still say this guy is a piece of work.
assad leaves and it will be a total waste of time to show in syria.
assad must be in his home in fear.
at least one party gives a lot of credit to the science about humans after birth.
at the same time as your article.
attacking him, calling him names, making up stories about him.
because israeli rabbis never say they'll give up...
because its been reposted so much.
because you are a good guy.
because you re making that nazi comment up.
better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a "good" person, than open it and be proven one.
blame the parents who have been loudly and moaned for all the child protection in schools these days.
bloated. I love everything that comes out of these other.
boeing is behaving exactly as any other politician would.
but mostly that middle of the street is where the cars are parked.
but nobody knows what the next mayor of kennedy will do, so they re all strategically sitting tight.
but redditors are too busy trying to get bernie s attention to care.
but ukraine is unwilling to buy a new car because of gas.
by the way, sorry about that. I didn't edit.
california s last primary election was a farce, doofus.
call me on my cell phone?
call me a reporter, but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
calm the clock down, cnn.
can someone explain this to you please.
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number of minutes?.
can we just keep dog and cat out of this?.
cant you do anything?
careful, you just described the goonies, and that was classic.
china and russia will use a big stick to keep trump around if those ships do anything to harm their allies.
colin kaepernick is an excellent player.
collins, is an American citizen, but we didnt need this article to establish that fact.
come on, adn, are you really that hard up that you have to publish this story?
come on ya dummy get your right step right.
It needs to get better
could ve fooled me, all governments are corrupt as well.
But this rarely talks about facts.
crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea, what a crisis!!!!!!!!!
daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they dont give a hoot about it.
daniel pantaleo, the bag of tricks who got away with murdering eric garner.
delta hasn't always been a great place, but this was one good - smart move.
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real things.
did he come from poverty and bust his way into the land to buy the land? doubtful.
did you think i was going to sit back and let some of this stuff get to me and not spew hatred towards me?
Why are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these uppity people satisfied?
DIGIT year round. Just because you can be little too, doesn’t mean you fight them.
DIGIT years later and they still blame bush for his screw ups.
dmvs are un- believable.
do people actually believe this??????????????
do people really think everyone is too young to recognize this double standard?
do you ever get tired of asking the same questions?
does this happen there every year?.
doesn’t this happen all the time?.
don 't touch the road thats really close by
don t be such a nitpicky, it s bad for, it s bad for.
dont be a problem. just stop and add the occasional and clear vandalism to articles.
dont look nose to face.
dont give us that much information about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either.
dont have time for that.
dont you have to change one of my edits, or i will come to your house, and i will cut you.
Great comment of the week, congrats
economies of iran, venezuela, iraq, etc still have a lot of value.
eh this seems to be reasonable since their crazy as hell neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had one heck of defence team, or prosecutor really didn't show up.
either way, how the hell do you forget your child in the backseat.
either way you sound very confused and ill informed.
eli5 why should governments give a tax credit?.
even bush knows he is not going to show up.
everybody is such a good person...
everyone s got that single issue that represents the majority of Americans who give up their lives for nothing.
except for, ya know, that stock market crash that literally just happened.
except your bankers, lobbyists, congressmen women, nsa, big corp and your expensive as hell healthcare.
fdr Obama has been impeached all over the constitution, but he s still regarded as a very good president.
food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
for $ DIGIT, who gives a hoot.
for those without health insurance in the up states that didn't expand medicaid.
fox news is going to have to educate themselves when they hear this.
from personal experience, waspy white kids get away with things that no minority could at least in utah.
If i am wrong, i have to change my whole outlook.
It's the same with alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff.
I doubt you ever doing that again.
If we can't do it, we 'll do it live.
i can't wait to see it i ll just click the first name so i can go home.
That's not me, even afghanistan has number.
If he doesn't get minimum security, put him in real prison.
No, it is not off - it is international airspace
I'm sorry popeyes for doing this in the first place.
It's all about red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them.
Thank them and all their,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.
I love this scumbag piece of work and all his political cohorts.
I don't know you, i wont do what you tell me.
So sonofabitch, where are you from?
I think the barbarian gooks got a lot of nerve to mess with us.
A good description of a person.
I was thinking of isis, had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they.
funny how he runs screaming like a maniac into the arms of the society he wants to tear down.
gawd, you are one massively talented fellow.
gazprom is a good company, i guarantee this.
get over it kiddo, you didn't know that.
I lost, false and a lawyer.
get lost you piece of work.
get the brewbaker id and get your beer to mars!.
get thef their own money and do something.
get this out of there.
getting my license and being certified by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again.
getting stronger every month yeah i do wish.
glad to see they were allowed to go up the santa barbara coast.
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built the cars
go ahead ban me, i dont give a hoot.
go take a hike, it's beautiful!
god the weather and the storm when he wins will be amazing! can 't wait.
good, i m tired of seeing people abusing that power.
good story, that show kicks so much.
good thing i never supported those who did..
gosh, discrimination is such a big problem!
gt never underestimate a crazy person with an army.
gt obama is a lying sack of a guy.
gt so russia never gave a damn about ukraine.
gt thats really sad because what they really need to do is take the time off and mind their own business.
gt well today i think the people who opposed fracking learned something.
haha, it seems to me we need to wake up.
haha okay i m a bit surprised, i dont seem to find that entertaining, i ll see myself out.
harper needs to get the hell out of office.
harper was nothing but a good man and a good guy.
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the damage that people say weed can do?.
haven t you ever heard of revenge??.
he's trying to save his own life...
he depends on the support of rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone else around him.
he didn t say he wanted two wars to make cheney s pals even richer.
he has almost a year and a half to go and it is going up so bad even the most ardent of skeptics can t help noticing.
he hasn’t done anything for palestine.
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place, he is not that fagget.
he is a good guy.
he is not that good...
he is very talented unfortunately im hoping to see him to the top soon.
he ll look that up too.
he looks smart enough to survive the storm.
he posts about other things too.
he s arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans like he treats a lot of his fans like he treats them.
he says it was not the gop, she attributes it to the entire gop.
hes not a bad guy, he just lacks selfcontrol.
hey, i said i would like to see your comment, i said ill be more careful not to remove content.
hey man keep that to yourself.
hi, my name is tbloeme, and im a sad and lonely little page. I am a nazi.
his brain has stopped functioning, but his heart keeps yapping.
his love for the man knowns no bounds.
his own secretary of state thinks hes a "good guy".
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of government bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths.
hiya frank, you know someone called "the man" then?.
holy cow, who the hell thinks like that?
holy, that’s awesome!
holy cow! i just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail.
holy smokes, a cop got fired?.
holy cow, just finished the season and it is so good but so *dark*, especially at the end.
holy smokes, somebody remembers what actually happened.
holy smokes, that second explosion is so violent.
holy smokes, they re like republicans on pcp now!
holy smokes, what is wrong with you?.
holy sis, you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago!.
holy smokes, i thought that was a joke.
holy cow that article was filled with ads.
holy smokes why is this not higher up???
holy smokes yeah, forgot about that one.
honestly, who the heck cares what kind of words you have to recite?.
honestly hope that cockeyed is the only one who steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed.
hopefully that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
hopefully turks are not smart enough to hand it to him.
how about the whiny cunts who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then bitch about it.
how do you compare those two to harry and lloyd.
how else could it have become, with bribery being legal and the government not being involved?.
how the hell are they getting to outer space?
how the heck can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?.
how the heck do you manage that?.
how the hell do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself.
how the hell do you think people afford houses and cars?
however, talk pages exist for a very good reason.
i'm ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can i do?
i'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
i'm vacation in the san juans, and i was there when the winds were crazy.
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost fell out of my pants.
i always thought that was the point of the article. if you go to jail for not paying a bill yea, that ll be productive.
i am going to lose my job when this happens!
i blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing wackos.
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on the issue, they could just ask.
i cant believe we are even discussing this. I dont like this.
i cant wait until south park makes an episode about your cult.
i could understand how many people would pee their pants seeing a title like this
i couldn t even tell what the article is saying, i can only imagine what it s saying.
i d love to live there if it weren t for the high cost of living and the high california cost of living.
i did not vandalize anything you posted.
i didn t say that!.
i don't give a f---.
i don't think it's a big deal to bring it up since it's not like she had to accept.
i don t give a damn where you are going.
i don t think el chapo became a piece of history because people kept calling him one.
i don t think ramsay gives a hoot.
i don`t want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs or see this little picture.
i dont give a flying fudge about sides!.
i think they knew they were punking us.
i go there for work every few months, and i can assure you it is a great place.
i gotto put mycents in too saying how lucky someone is!
i have no respect for this.
i have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food.
i just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was some brutal news.
i love that one line in the article. the one lady wore " i am not kim davis".
i m australian myself, but i don t say mate or mate all the time.
i m done with this..
i m glad you guys protect your children, because orphan black and strange empire are great.
i m just glad he doesn t actually believe in this...
i m not trying to be a bad guy but i didn t think it was a cure for anything.
i m tired of the jokes.
i mean, how much does that cost?
i mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but it's not like he's taking it seriously.
i mean it's a small business, but they've hired a ton of people and now they're gonna give it an established base of operations?
i never knew they were rich, just the tourists with loud aloha shirts.
i never uttered or wrote that...
i posted this because khodorkovsky is such a good guy.
i really hope not.
i sell quite a bit of my own stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
i still think it is a good idea, but i understand why they do it.
i take it you teach your teenager to call people names when unable to come up with anything else.
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look great regardless.
i think that s noble as well.
i thought world leader just picked random people to do, thank you for informing us!.
i was a very young kid though.
i was told he s a real person.
i wish people would read the article and speak up about big money in politics.
i wish we could jail politicians for things like this.
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive people?
i would have lost my job *years* ago.
ibrahim is kind of a good guy lately.
if hes found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute the life out of him.
if the uk did anything but talk about how to build and supply weapons i d be very surprised.
if you believe their lies, then you become the enemy of the public.
if you cant dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with brilliance.
if you continue to post a comment on wikipedia, you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
if you continue to be an active contributor to wikipedia and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia!
if you don t use it i guess it would seem like the government is not using it.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you're a piece of the problem.
if you still think you re not living in a police state, wake the hell up.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you're missing the point.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you re not alone.
if you think so, you are making a living out of yourself.
impeachment of trump is a really bad idea.
implying americans are gonna vacation at that little hole.
in other news op is a great story.
in other words, if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to do the same.
in the end, he was just a good guy.
instead of trying to make a difference, I think the old man was more interested in making a statement.
iran says that the USPS will be more upset when its mail arrives late.
is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in order to improve the quality so it uploads faster?.
it's just good luck.
it s a big deal because the school didn t give a clue about the girl until she was being bullied.
it s about time.
it s actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get the job done.
it s like a jurassic park, but much fluffier!.
it s not the ukraine, just ukraine!
it s refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy.
it s the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has been a major factor in the loss of many a species.
it is that you're an innocent person.
it sure as hell had nothing to do with anything i said.
it tastes like a lot of things and i've never even seen it available outside of five-star restaurants.
it was clear from the first sentence of the article.
it would be a great idea if that happened.
it would be illegal as a cop to straight up lie to someone.
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely out of context.
its one of those you don’t know what your saying so i m correcting you. ..
its time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few, sorry.
jesus. i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that the article was about the weather?
jesus christ, that's incredibly sad, but I'm not giving up.
jesus christ, what a crock of a joke.
joke's on you, you intolerant...
judging by the number of trips i ve seen in my number years, number of those spent with george w.
just a thought, but maybe stay the hell away from the chinese.
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider, I'm not sure how to do that!
just state your opinion.
just the kind of money they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
keep your paws off wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute.
kid, you should be watching the new cartoons they call cartoons now made for your generation.
last warning you have to be a tosser, it takes meminutes to resolve a page so cunts like you can look wikipedia up
last winter was brutal.
legacy of being a selfish person is in my head.
let's have them do all the tough work that men are forced to do.
let darwinism take its course so that the least of the nations shall inherit the earth.
lgbt whine and whine all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned.
liar, you set my pants on fire justin.
like, who gives a hoot what trump s view on this is haha?.
lol, sunshine was critically acclaimed you were so right, lol.
lol, yeah, like that would ever happen.
lol, yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero, g w bush waged.
lol i remember glenn beck and a ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention.
look the other way up yourself.
looks like the not so much around crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a teeny bit off the mark there, friend.
lucky you, maybe now you think youre somebody, huh, what is your name?
make a comment about that. I guess how somebody can misspell area as aera then.
making and distributing cp is a good thing.
man you are so insecure about your own self esteem...
maybe i go peacefully so i can be avenged thousands later in righteous vengeance when the case gets settled in court.
maybe not always relevant, but they sure are fun you can have them!
maybe now no one will be rammed in the back of the car.
military can be very hard on you too.
minorities whine and moan when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and incredibly powerful and powerful.
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and shes over dramatizing the whole thing.
most of the information is total fiction.
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as feckless, tolerating a selfregarding employee as their lead employee.
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this. I'm not sure what happened.
my thoughts are that our new tax code might be an even bigger factor.
my wife still gives me the money for it.
never heard such a poorly written crock of pure sarcasm!
never trust anything the repugs try to shove down your throat.
no, i m pointing out that you are being a condescending and condescending person. You are right about it, just like your euphoric brethren.
no, putin will send depardieu to the US to be harper's wife.
no, racism is a lot older than the media, especially the newspaper.
no, that s not true.
no.almost nobody is saying that except for those who are saying it is not in the video.
no matter how many bricks you have or the way number bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
no i didnt what year did you move here, or what year did you move?.
no one being investigated for treason has been brain washed.
no self - respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful comments...
no, he doesn't work for the city, lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees.
no, this has already been done.
no you doofy, that is a bolt action!.
nobody in politics, especially democrats, give a hoot about citizens, let alone the military.
none of that would ever have happened if he werent running for office.
noones asking you to invade their country.
not even from the,...
not that we are going to mess around in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about.
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is a bit over his head.
not just a biologist, a physicist, a physicist, a virologist!.
not the rich and the government, but the people will be in the street.
not to be confused with the legal firm bull and his associates.
not trying to be a "progressive", just joking.
nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look shady as well...
now congress, congress don’t do anything.
now quit trying to blow up education in texas, rick!
now you can fix it and fix it.
now that is just a very bad thing to say.
number will solve alot of the problems if it comes down to it.
oh, i m hearing stories like that from her too.
oh, I forgot,, what if north korea actually is funding isis?.
oh, you just blew their minds.
one isn’t dead but just totally messed up.
I would buy into this stuff from the start.
only if they have a death wish.
only the majority of the people voted for him.
or are you pulling this out of your own pocket?.
or just go with this one en.
org read a book for it’s sake.
org there s wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this.
org yeah, muslims in the western world love to decry this, especially in the US.
ouch, them were not to norway =\
ours is pretty good. I'm up too.
p.s. i do own all of those pictures. I just don't know.
parliament..
You are not paying for this with all the money alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
people are being punished for wasting emergency call time on things like this.
people don’t even wash their hands after taking a shower.
people saying things like these people are monsters and how can these people get away with this?
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t, you know, treat them like they have been treated for the past number years.
piss me off, I'm not a fan, get on my nerves.
planet earth is just crazy.
please just stay the hell off and erase the word "hope" from your mind like a chalkboard erasure and dont come back!
price wise, it's just awful.
probably, but there are tons of terrible things.
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than the periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic periodic.
put their money in angola.
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards.
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some kind of hierarchy, such as the hierarch, even unto being killed, like st.
randy johnson is a good guy.
read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is going to be a big deal all over the citizens of the united states.
removed from reality in - deed - deed
republicans and democrats are the right and left cheeks of the same coin...
right, that's what i was implying by saying the un won't do anything to stop the war, because russia is on the sc.
same as his wall, and the solar panel idea, and countless other things hes done.
same thing going on in the pnw too.
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders and his own decisions!
sell your ships, find a new job, get the economy back to the original plan, get out of the number th century, thanks.
seriously, at least number people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just keep the game off.
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into second world countries?.
she lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive star whos the public and private sector split to create one big gaping whole.
I don't know, china can get own this if they want to.
I d love a sunset, i d love an number pm sunset.
They do it, they even do it in their own country.
... i might have it
boris we re supposed to be in kiev, not london!
I just got real upload.
I thought it looked like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing.
I think we are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note, why the us make the difference, does everything the us make have to be called "joint."
silicon valley resident here, this is so sad, I can't believe it is up.
It's not about the safety, its not about making the roads safe or the reevaluation.
sit on your feet at home and don t vote at your peril.
No, no is more appropriate.
so, 'cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a picture of a building that was filled with who knows what with a bit of smoke in it.
so again, unless you have something useful to say, you are off.
so i would really like it if people could stop acting like that's why he got shot, it is not true, it isn't.
so is torture why should they give a reason?.
so you don't know the meaning of "truth" until you know what it is your talking about.
so stop pointing your fingers.
so they don't give a flying what about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this?.. but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people?.
some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming smoke onto others.
some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get a job in the liquor business...
someone says no, and they say no, and they say well off we need vets only for free housing?.
spoiler russia doesn t give a damn what canada thinks.
spouts a lot about things he absolutely does not understand.
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn’t go there, even the thumbnails are a bit messed up.
still standing up for your country. I'm a leader who loves himself and nobody else.
stop being such a big fan of him, are you his mom or something?.
straight people get married and have kids up all the time.
strong fiscal management, my favorite, steve o.
It is not uncommon for a ball coach to make ten times what a teacher makes.
such a good tribute to a great band, who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name.
It's like nothings ever happened before.
sure he should get punished, but three years?.
take a look at inane, and elsewhere, gessler.
take your own advice and go off to one of these other subreddits.
taking a stand with either party is equally valid...
tha last time?
thank god for the magical frog.
that almost never happens excepts rarely in the black hole countries.
that and their excellent service.
that has got to stop.
that guy used to be a real good guy...
that is why a failure isnt qualified for any public office.
that man is the biggest piece of the puzzle in ny s recent history.
that s a lot of work for something that shouldn t take any time to work at all.
that s not murder in my book and they let parents off for that kind of thing all of the time.
that s some pretty good logic.
that s the type of thing grand juries are supposed to avoid.
that s what they all say till their skin is cooking in radiation.
that said, i hope they get a great attorney and sue the city for the money they got out of the cops.
that is why he is smiling in court!
that stuff is nasty on your lungs.
that is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with.
that sounds democratic as well...
that is why the leaking water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen.
that why it is called the "Free Speech Act", it does not truly reflect the views of the people.
thats a great point.
thats an interesting and racist comment.
thats just a fact, how can i be blocked for stating a fact.
the "joke" that canada's military is a joke is extremely played out, it's not funny.
the claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is false.
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane!
the article is interesting. Why am i reading so early?.
the germans today are the same blind sheep they were inand followtheleader sheep they were inand throughout their history.
the guy was a good guy.
the guy was shot!.
the image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but shedding tears, is so heartbreaking.
the important things who the next president is is who has time to build chairs?.
the judge was basically right, you need to get your pitchforks.
the moment they hauled my team in i would have played it for them.
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your own effusions.
the only respect he has is because he has access to the bomb codesand because he is a physicist...
the original surface was a quality tablet, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
the pay is high and the hours are long.
the people are still driving around in cars built on the old <number>'s.
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most well liked and well made up of all.
the person was a piece of work to begin with.
the point is that either choice was not made.
the really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews.
the rewritten rules are the result of the Supreme Court ruling, and any support of them follows suit.
the last time I was in san bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
the only way to win is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative.
the who can t do it. but try to educate people.
the woman s a woman, but the man s a man.
their new car is cheap but its of such awful quality that you re better off getting the more expensive item.
then all of a sudden i see her, shes now got the big phony "carpet" and everything.
then drench the whole thing with bbq sauce!
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war!
They have always been around.
they're living streaming on bbc for the record sake.
they are always beating him up and blowing smoke up his face and aggrandizing him and his fewaccomplishments.
they are smart for rejecting our supply of corn.
they are two faced with the same problem.
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a victim of their own stain.
they don t give a damn about terrorism.
they get attention which is exactly what you are saying. They get what their wits are giving them.
they have all the money, how am i supposed to earn my billions?.
they have been involved in so many messed up things since its creation.
they ll say and do anything to cover their tracks, won’t they?.
they must have been pretty lucky to get caught in today environment.
they named that building after him.
they need stop tratening people like this...
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by a self-proclaimed cult led by a known tax evader.
they re both lawyering up.
they really don t fit in, since they are just a few hundred yards away from the airport.
they should have fled, i feel that these guys are not the only ones who have fled, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?.
they ve done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s.
they were most likely bought out by the koch brothers.
they weren t suicide bombing for the US and certainly.
they will end up in jail.
they will find someone as talented as him to become the glorious leader.
this administrations budget stinks as bad as the last!.
this article so many of the comments are about.
this deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as "the police of the world".
this guy is a total sellout with no plans for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking.
this has to be the best editorial of all time.
this is a PR tactic for its own sake.
this is a joke, are you all in a position to make retards?.
this is a special needs child with autism, not some angry little boy with no self control.
this is nothing short of a hateful whine by sore loser who didnt get her way.
this is possibly the most over-used and oversimplified thing i have ever read.
this is a good idea, all pain meds should be otc
this is scaring the heck out of me.
this is some clockwork orange level of government.
this is some twilight zone.
this is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are right!
this is the exact reason we need a national death penalty, his sentence should have been a short rope!
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of people who are not in a position to vote and brainwash them with bs and propaganda.
this is why the country is going to have to give up.
this isn’t about agreeing on blowing the whistle...
this talk is tiresome.
this piece of human decency should be in jail.
this populist talk is just the psych majors manipulating you.
this has been happening for generations.
this story has gone full circle from parody.
this is overwhelming to think about.
this is a very sad story.
this whole place is just so corrupt.
those are truly repugnant, and there plenty out there on both sides on the internet, and on social networks.
those things are complete and utter pieces of fiction...
throwing his father in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
time to cut the credits and also cut the cost of the oil.
time to wage war and blow the economy up.
to suggest otherwise is to be inflammatory.
to think that she's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaaars
top ten most relevant "are you sorry"
treats their murder victims like they are normal while living their life pretending they are normal.
turkey could invade, and russia wouldn't be able to do anything about that either.
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you are not in a farming business.
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a "citizen".
useful (and true ) of course, the russians are still at it thats what they do regards.
very few of these cophating people ever make cora requests for those case files.
we're not the worlds leaders in this, so, all you 'll get is speculation.
we don t need to consider that!
we dont need no more cars to get up in here!
we had to find some use for that lock box, sure as heck we didn’t put money in it.
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren't talking about that.
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the system. we need to get out of the equipment.
we shouldn`t be congratulating him on his good name, and saying what he should, and shouldn`t have done.
well, dunno about him being an NFL player, but he was definitely a great player.
well, there ya go, miss the point.
well no one is saying that, i can t believe people are only starting to realise this.
well they are. I look up youtube hard.
west is the spoiled state...
weve become too accepting of the concept of "truth, which fosters hate.
weve got one of the best jobs in the wh.
what's with these people coming on here and saying this is the first time they've ever done this?
what a bunch of lies!
what a great guy you are.
what an amazing people you are!
what kind of really really good plan is that?
what kind of "evidence" did you put on my phone with that first link?.
what kind of post is this?.
what s the point of wearing them?.
what the actual facts are and does it matter?
what the hell did you do to my free images like this one,, you lazy, you lazy, you.
what the heck do you mean cornered?.
what the heck is this comment?.
what the heck is this guy doing
what the heck is this news story?.
what the heck is wrong with australia?.
what the heck is wrong with you?
what the heck is wrong with you guys
what the heck is this about?
what the heck is wrong with people.
what the heck question are you talking about?
whats really interesting is how you jump to conclusions.
whats the title of this report, no mention of the US?.
when i was your age and starting to realize all this, i became very depressed and it was very sad.
wheres dis where he got his degree from?
who really gives a hoot about this?
who the heck cares whose fault it is?
who the heck is pushing diversity on you?.
who the heck do you feminists think you are anyway?
why can't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
why do you guys do this when you can't get out west?
why does it bother you, why is it bother you?
why is reddit so biased?
why is the scale of that graphed so high? What's up?.
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from gouging patients and prevent price gouging?
why should i give a thought!
why the heck did they give some ufo hack interview time?.
why the heck does everyone hate syria so much?.
why the heck haven't they condemned north korea?
wow. what the hell where they thinking when they named that cleaning product. seriously. &gt. &lt
what about the weather?? missouri needs to catch the heat up like right now.
wtf is this?
yea, who the hell is government to be involved my my your kids education?.
yeah, americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case the situation gets serious anywhere else.
yeah, comparitively, why are they doing it all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants?.
yeah i hate this..
yeah they don t give a hoot.
yeh well ban me fukkers, I'm not one of you morons
yes, it does stink to high heaven but there are enough gullible people who praise this outfit nonetheless.
yet fifa doesn’t give two fives.
yet to this day people still believe the lies about clinton.
yo buddy why are you saying mean things to me?
you've lost your chances.
you are a bit of a joke.
you are liable to break something and touch it. You are liable to break something you shouldnt touch.
you have a lot of people pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel.
you don't remember that, do you?
You have got to be kidding.
you have no idea youtu.
you know more than these folks, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
you leave me alone!
you missed the follow up sentence.
you trolls still wouldn t give a hoot.
you ve got to be kidding me, right?.
These types of examples are common.
yup, keep government agencies off air unless you want things to get worse.
yurope is awesome that way, yeah s.
